-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 HYkSXEaYB+HF0E45S3xsZG16f0ooBiHE0m5RTu/BN5N6Ip7f20l7EQhffBlKBZ1z
 ewbx0QEXXElpBCsjkzo1ww==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000050863-05-000141.txt : 20050520
<SEC-HEADER>0000050863-05-000141.hdr.sgml : 20050520
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20050520121251
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000050863-05-000141
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20050517
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20050520
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20050520

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				941672743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06217
		FILM NUMBER:		05847140

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087658080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		STREET 2:		RN6-27
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052-8119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>aform8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                      ____________________

                            FORM 8-K

                         CURRENT REPORT
             Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the
                 Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                  Date of Report:  May 17, 2005
                (Date of earliest event reported)

                        INTEL CORPORATION
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


      Delaware                0-06217              94-1672743
   (State or other        (Commission File       (IRS Employer
   jurisdiction of            Number)         Identification No.)
   incorporation)

  2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara,         95054-1549
                 California
  (Address of principal executive offices)         (Zip Code)

                         (408) 765-8080
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check  the  appropriate  box below if  the  Form  8-K  filing  is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation  of  the
registrant  under  any of the following provisions  (see  General
Instruction A.2. below):

[  ]  Written  communications pursuant  to  Rule  425  under  the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

[  ]  Soliciting  material  pursuant to  Rule  14a-12  under  the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to  Rule  14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to  Rule  13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4c))

<PAGE>

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

                     (a)   On  May 18, 2005, Intel's stockholders
               approved amendments to the Intel Corporation  2004
               Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the "Plan") to:
               (1)  extend the term of the plan to June 30, 2007,
               (2)  reserve an additional 130 million  shares  of
               Intel common stock for issuance under the plan, of
               which  up  to  two million shares may  be  awarded
               under  options  with  a 10 year  term,  (3)  allow
               grants  of  restricted stock  or  stock  units  to
               Intel's non-employee directors, (4) allow the  use
               of  up  to  an  aggregate of  100,000  shares  for
               employee  recognition  awards  having  no  minimum
               vesting  period,  and  (5) clarify  the  company's
               share-counting methodology under  the  plan.   The
               Plan  provides  for  the grant of  stock  options,
               stock  appreciation rights, restricted stock,  and
               stock  units  to eligible full-time and  part-time
               employees   and   non-employee   directors.    The
               Compensation Committee determines which  employees
               will participate in the Plan, as well as the terms
               of  employee grants, and the Board determines  the
               terms  of  grants to non-employee  directors.   An
               aggregate of 370 million shares have been reserved
               for  issuance as awards over the term of the Plan,
               which  expires  on  June  30,  2007,  subject   to
               adjustment  only  to  reflect  stock  splits   and
               similar events.

                         Stock options granted under the Plan may
               not  have  a term longer than seven years,  except
               that up to 10 million shares may be used for long-
               term   executive  retention  stock  option  grants
               having  a term no longer than 10 years.   No  more
               than 35 million shares may be issued as restricted
               stock  or  stock unit awards under the Plan.   The
               Plan limits awards to any employee participant  in
               any single calendar year to no more than 3 million
               shares   subject   to  stock  options   or   stock
               appreciation  rights and no more  than  2  million
               shares  subject to restricted stock or stock  unit
               awards.  No more than 30,000 shares may be subject
               to  awards granted to any non-employee director in
               a single calendar year.  Awards under the Plan may
               be   conditioned  on  continued  employment,   the
               passage of time or the satisfaction of performance
               vesting criteria established by award on the  date
               of  grant.  Vesting requirements are determined by
               the  Compensation  Committee,  provided,  however,
               that  stock options and stock appreciation  rights
               shall  not  first become exercisable in less  than
               one year and restricted stock or stock units shall
               not  vest in less than pro rata installments  over
               three  years,  unless  vesting  is  based  on  the
               achievement of performance criteria, in which case
               such performance vesting criteria may not be based
               on  a  period  of less than one year.   Up  to  an
               aggregate  of  100,000 shares may be issued  under
               the  Plan  as  employee recognition  stock  awards
               having no minimum vesting period.

<PAGE>

                          The  Plan  prohibits  grants  of  stock
               options  or stock appreciation rights at  a  price
               below the market value of Intel stock on the  date
               of  grant.   The Plan also prohibits repricing  of
               stock  options  without shareholder  consent,  and
               prohibits reload stock option grants.  Shares  not
               issued   due   to   cancellation,  expiration   or
               forfeiture of an award or due to settlement of  an
               award  in cash do not reduce the number of  shares
               available   for  issuance  under  the  Plan.   The
               foregoing  summary  description  of  the  Plan  is
               qualified  in  its  entirety by reference  to  the
               actual terms of the Plan, which is attached hereto
               as   Exhibit  10.1.   For  additional  information
               regarding  the Plan, refer to Proposal 3 (Approval
               of  Amendment  and Extension of  the  2004  Equity
               Incentive  Plan) on pages 31-38 of  the  company's
               2005 Proxy Statement, as filed with the Securities
               and  Exchange Commission on March 29, 2005,  which
               is incorporated herein by reference.

                     (b)   On  May 18, 2005, Intel's stockholders
               approved   the  Amended  and  Restated   Executive
               Officer  Incentive Plan ("EOIP").   The  EOIP,  in
               which    the    company's    executive    officers
               participate,  is a cash-based, pay-for-performance
               incentive  program.  Payments under the  EOIP  are
               intended    to    qualify   as   performance-based
               compensation under Section 162(m) of the  Internal
               Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"), and are
               tax-deductible.   Stockholder  approval   of   the
               material   terms  of  the  EOIP,   including   the
               employees  eligible to receive compensation  under
               the  plan, a description of the business  criteria
               on  which  the performance goal is based  and  the
               maximum amount of compensation that could be  paid
               to  any  employee under the plan (or  the  formula
               used to calculate the amount of compensation to be
               paid  to  the  employee),  satisfies  one  of  the
               requirements  under Code Section 162(m)  in  order
               for  payments  pursuant to the  plan  to  be  tax-
               deductible.

                         Executive officers, as determined by the
               Compensation    Committee,   are    eligible    to
               participate  in  the EOIP.  The  EOIP  includes  a
               formula  to calculate the maximum annual incentive
               payout  for  each  executive  officer.  The   EOIP
               incentive  formula  has three variables:  (1)  the
               executive  officer's  annual  incentive   baseline
               amount,  which  the Committee determines  annually
               for  each  participant, (2) Intel's  earnings  per
               share for the year ("EPS"), and (3) a factor  pre-
               established  each  year  by  the  Committee   (the
               "Performance  Factor").  At the end of  the  year,
               Intel   multiplies   the  individual's   incentive
               baseline amount by Intel's EPS and the Performance
               Factor to calculate the maximum EOIP incentive for
               that  year.   The  EOIP has a  cap  limiting  each
               individual's incentive payment to a maximum annual
               amount   of  $5,000,000.   Under  the  EOIP,   the
               Committee  has the discretion to reduce,  but  not
               increase, a participant's incentive payment.   The
               EOIP does not specify the

<PAGE>

               criteria that the Committee must use in exercising
               its discretion to reduce the incentive payment and
               it also does not require the Committee to make any
               reductions.

                         For purposes of the EOIP formula, EPS is
               the  greater of (x) Intel's operating  income,  or
               (y) Intel's net income divided by Intel's weighted
               average   common   shares  outstanding,   assuming
               dilution.    The  Committee  may  adjust   Intel's
               operating  income  or  its  net  income  based  on
               objective  criteria selected by the  Committee  in
               its  sole  discretion and in compliance  with  IRS
               regulations.   These adjustments may include,  but
               are not limited to, asset write-downs, litigation,
               claim  judgments, settlements or tax  settlements,
               the  effects  of  tax  law  changes,  changes   in
               accounting  principles  or  other  such  laws   or
               provisions  affecting reported  results,  accruals
               for  reorganization  and  restructuring  programs,
               gains   or  losses  on  investments,  acquisition-
               related costs, and any extraordinary non-recurring
               items  as described in Accounting Principles Board
               Opinion  No. 30 and/or in management's  discussion
               of  financial condition and results of  operations
               appearing in Intel's annual report to stockholders
               for  the  applicable year.  Operating income  does
               not  include gains or losses on equity  securities
               or  interest  and other income Intel  earned,  and
               does  not include a deduction for interest expense
               and  income  taxes.   As a result,  EPS  based  on
               operating  income generally exceeds EPS  based  on
               net income.

                          The  EOIP  as  approved by stockholders
               also  reflects a number of amendments designed  to
               clarify  the  Compensation  Committee's  authority
               under  the  EOIP  and  to address  the  terms  and
               conditions of executive officers' participation.

                         The foregoing description of the EOIP is
               qualified  in  its  entirety by reference  to  the
               actual terms of the plan, which is attached hereto
               as Exhibit 10.2.  For additional information about
               the  EOIP,  refer  to  Proposal  4  (Approval   of
               Amendment  and Extension of the Executive  Officer
               Incentive  Plan) on pages 38-41 of  the  company's
               2005 Proxy Statement, as filed with the Securities
               and  Exchange Commission on March 29, 2005,  which
               is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03 Amendments  to  Articles  of Incorporation  or  Bylaws;
          Change in Fiscal Year

                On  February  1,  2005, the  Board  of  Directors
          approved   a  temporary  decrease  to  the  number   of
          authorized directors from 11 to 10, effective  May  18,
          2005. This temporary decrease is necessary as Andrew S.
          Grove  did  not stand for reelection to  the  Board  of
          Directors at the Annual Stockholders' Meeting held  May
          18,  2005,  and  the Board has not  to  date  chosen  a
          candidate to fill the seat being vacated by Dr.  Grove.
          The Board

<PAGE>

          expects to identify and appoint a new director at  some
          time in 2005 following the Annual Stockholders' Meeting
          and  the  Board presently expects that the new director
          will   be   independent.  Intel  will  make  a   public
          announcement if and when a new director is appointed.

                Therefore, effective as of May 18, 2005,  Article
          III,  Section  1 of the Bylaws was amended  to  provide
          that the authorized number of directors is 10.

                On  May 17, 2005, the Board of Directors approved
          an  amendment  to  Intel's Bylaws to provide  that  all
          classes  and series of stock, including those presently
          outstanding,   shall  hereafter   be   represented   by
          uncertificated shares only, except to the extent as may
          be   required   by  applicable  law  or  as   otherwise
          authorized by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary.

                Therefore, effective as of May 17, 2005,  Article
          VI, Section 1 of the Bylaws was amended to provide that
          certificates for the shares of stock of the corporation
          will be issued only to the extent as may be required by
          applicable  law  or  as  otherwise  authorized  by  the
          Secretary or an Assistant Secretary.  Several revisions
          were made throughout this section to conform references
          to  share certificates to such certificates issued only
          to  the extent as may be required by applicable law  or
          as   otherwise  authorized  by  the  Secretary  or   an
          Assistant Secretary. The change to the company's Bylaws
          regarding  uncertificated shares adapts to  changes  in
          Delaware  law, which will be effective August 1,  2005.
          As  a general matter, the company intends in the future
          to   evidence  its  outstanding  stock  in  book  entry
          (uncertificated) form to the extent permitted by law in
          lieu of issuing paper stock certificates.

               Article VI, Section 2 of the Bylaws was amended to
          authorize  the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary  (in
          addition  to  the  Board of Directors)  to  handle  the
          replacement of lost stock certificates.

                In  addition, Article VI, Section 3 of the Bylaws
          was  amended  to provide that transfers  of  record  of
          shares  of stock of the corporation shall be made  only
          upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or  by
          attorney   duly   authorized,  and   with   regard   to
          certificated   shares,  upon   the   surrender   of   a
          certificate  or  certificates  for  a  like  number  of
          shares, properly endorsed.

<PAGE>

Item 9.01      Financial Statements and Exhibits

          (c)  Exhibits.

                         The following exhibits are filed as part
               of this Report:

               Exhibit   Description
               Number

               3.1       Intel Corporation Bylaws, as amended  on
                         May 18, 2005

               10.1      Intel  Corporation 2004 Equity Incentive
                         Plan,    as    Amended   and   Restated,
                         Effective May 18, 2005

               10.2      Intel   Corporation  Executive   Officer
                         Incentive Plan, as Amended and  Restated
                         Effective May 18, 2005

<PAGE>

                           SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                 INTEL CORPORATION
                                 (Registrant)


                                 By:  /s/Patrice C. Scatena
                                      ------------------------
                                      Patrice C. Scatena
Date:  May 20, 2005                   Assistant Secretary


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>bylaws.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED BYLAWS
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 3.1

                        INTEL CORPORATION

                             BYLAWS

                            ARTICLE I

                             Offices

           Section 1.  Registered Office.  The registered  office
of  the corporation in the State of Delaware shall be in the City
of Wilmington, County of New Castle.

           Section 2.  Other Offices.  The corporation shall also
have  and  maintain an office or principal place of  business  at
2200  Mission  College Boulevard, Santa Clara,  County  of  Santa
Clara,  State  of California, and may also have offices  at  such
other  places, both within and without the State of Delaware,  as
the  Board  of Directors may from time to time determine  or  the
business of the corporation may require.

                           ARTICLE II

                     Stockholders' Meetings

          Section 1.  Place of Meetings.

           (a)   Meetings of the stockholders of the  corporation
shall  be held at such place, either within or without the  State
of  Delaware, as may be designated from time to time by the Board
of Directors, or, if not so designated, then at the office of the
corporation  required to be maintained pursuant to Section  2  of
Article I hereof.

            (b)    The  Board  of  Directors  may,  in  its  sole
discretion, determine that stockholder meetings shall not be held
at  any  place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote
communication  in  accordance  with  Section  211(a)(2)  of   the
Delaware General Corporation Law.  If authorized by the Board  of
Directors  in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines
and  procedures as the Board of Directors may adopt, stockholders
and  proxy  holders  not  physically  present  at  a  meeting  of
stockholders   may,   by  means  of  remote   communication   (a)
participate  in  a  meeting of stockholders; and  (b)  be  deemed
present  in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders  whether
such  meeting  is to be held at a designated place or  solely  by
means  of remote communication, provided that (i) the corporation
shall  implement reasonable measures to verify that  each  person
deemed  present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means  of
remote  communication is a stockholder or proxyholder;  (ii)  the
corporation  shall implement reasonable measures to provide  such
stockholders  and  proxy  holders  a  reasonable  opportunity  to
participate  in the meeting and to vote on matters  submitted  to
the  stockholders, including an opportunity to read or  hear  the
proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently  with  such
proceedings; and (iii) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or
takes   other   action  at  the  meeting  by  means   of   remote
communication,  a record of such vote or other  action  shall  be
maintained by the corporation.

<PAGE>

           Section  2.  Annual Meetings.  The annual meetings  of
the  stockholders of the corporation for the purpose of  election
of  directors,  and for such other business as may lawfully  come
before  them, shall be held on such date and at such time as  may
be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, but in
no  event  more than fifteen (15) months after the  date  of  the
preceding annual meeting.

           Section 3.  Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the
stockholders of the corporation may be called, for any purpose or
purposes,  by  the Chairman of the Board or the  Chief  Executive
Officer or the Board of Directors at any time.

          Section 4.  Notice of Meetings.

           (a)   Except  as  otherwise provided  by  law  or  the
Certificate  of  Incorporation,  written  notice  (as  the   term
"written"  is defined in Article XII hereof) of each  meeting  of
stockholders, specifying the place, if any, date and hour of  the
meeting;  the  means of remote communications, if any,  by  which
stockholders  and proxy holders may be deemed to  be  present  in
person  and vote at such meeting; and the purpose or purposes  of
the  meeting, shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than
sixty  (60)  days  before  the  date  of  the  meeting  to   each
stockholder   entitled   to  vote  thereat,   directed   to   the
stockholders  in  accordance with the  procedures  set  forth  in
Article  X hereof.  Notice shall be deemed to have been given  to
all  stockholders  of record who share an address  if  notice  is
given  in  accordance with the "householding" rules set forth  in
Rule  14a-3(e)  under the Securities Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as
amended ("Exchange Act").

           (b)   If at any meeting action is proposed to be taken
which,  if  taken,  would  entitle  stockholders  fulfilling  the
requirements   of   Section  262(d)  of  the   Delaware   General
Corporation  Law  to  an appraisal of the  fair  value  of  their
shares,  the notice of such meeting shall contain a statement  of
that  purpose  and to that effect and shall be accompanied  by  a
copy of that statutory section.

           (c)   When a meeting is adjourned to another  time  or
place,  notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if  the
time  and  place,  if  any,  thereof, and  the  means  of  remote
communications, if any, by which stockholders and  proxy  holders
may  be  deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting,
are  announced at the meeting at which the adjournment  is  taken
unless  the adjournment is for more than thirty days,  or  unless
after  the  adjournment  a  new record  date  is  fixed  for  the
adjourned  meeting,  in  which event a notice  of  the  adjourned
meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled  to
vote at the meeting.

           (d)   Notice  of  the time, place and purpose  of  any
meeting  of stockholders may be waived in writing, either  before
or  after such meeting, and to the extent permitted by law,  will
be waived by any stockholder by his attendance thereat, in person
or  by  proxy.  Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting
shall  be  bound  by the proceedings of any such meeting  in  all
respects as if due notice thereof had been given.

<PAGE>

           (e)   Unless  and until voted, every  proxy  shall  be
revocable at the pleasure of the person who executed it or of his
legal representatives or assigns, except in those cases where  an
irrevocable proxy permitted by statute has been given.

          Section 5.  Quorum and Voting.

           (a)   At  all  meetings of stockholders, except  where
otherwise  provided by law, the Certificate of  Incorporation  or
these   Bylaws,  the  presence,  in  person  or  by  proxy   duly
authorized,  of  the  holders of a majority  of  the  outstanding
shares  of  stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum  for
the transaction of business.  Shares, the voting of which at said
meeting  have  been enjoined, or which for any reason  cannot  be
lawfully voted at such meeting, shall not be counted to determine
a  quorum  at  said  meeting.  In the absence of  a  quorum,  any
meeting  of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time,  by
vote  of  the  holders  of a majority of the  shares  represented
thereat,  but  no  other  business shall be  transacted  at  such
meeting.  At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is  present
or  represented, any business may be transacted which might  have
been  transacted  at  the  original  meeting.   The  stockholders
present  at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a  quorum
is  present, may continue to transact business until adjournment,
notwithstanding  the withdrawal of enough stockholders  to  leave
less than a quorum.

            (b)   Except  as  otherwise  provided  by  law,   the
Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, all action taken by
the  holders of a majority of the voting power represented at any
meeting  at which a quorum is present shall be valid and  binding
upon the corporation.

          Section 6.  Voting Rights.

           (a)  Except as otherwise provided by law, only persons
in whose names shares entitled to vote stand on the stock records
of  the  corporation  on  the record  date  for  determining  the
stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting shall be  entitled  to
vote at such meeting.  Shares standing in the names of two (2) or
more persons shall be voted or represented in accordance with the
determination of the majority of such persons, or,  if  only  one
(1) of such persons is present in person or represented by proxy,
such  person  shall have the right to vote such shares  and  such
shares  shall  be  deemed to be represented for  the  purpose  of
determining a quorum.

           (b)  Every person entitled to vote or execute consents
shall have the right to do so either in person or by an agent  or
agents  authorized by a written proxy executed by such person  or
his  duly  authorized agent, which proxy shall be filed with  the
Secretary of the corporation at or before the meeting at which it
is  to  be  used.   Said  proxy  so  appointed  need  not  be   a
stockholder.   No proxy shall be voted on after three  (3)  years
from its date unless the proxy provides for a longer period.

           Section 7.  List of Stockholders.  The officer who has
charge  of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare  and
make,   at   least  ten  (10)  days  before  every   meeting   of
stockholders,  a  complete list of the stockholders  entitled  to
vote at said

<PAGE>

meeting,  arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address  of
and  the  number  of  shares  registered  in  the  name  of  each
stockholder.   Nothing contained in Section 219 of  the  Delaware
General  Corporation Law shall require the corporation to include
electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information
on  such list.  Such list shall be open to the examination of any
stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, for a period
of  at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either (a) on  a
reasonably  accessible  electronic  network,  provided  that  the
information required to gain access to such list is provided with
the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours,
at  the  principal place of business of the corporation.  In  the
event  that the corporation determines to make the list available
on  an  electronic network, the corporation may  take  reasonable
steps  to  ensure  that  such information is  available  only  to
stockholders of the corporation.  If the meeting is to be held at
a  place,  the  list shall be produced and kept at the  time  and
place  of  the meeting during the whole time thereof and  may  be
inspected  by any stockholder who is present.  If the meeting  is
to  be  held  solely by means of remote communication,  the  list
shall  also be open to the examination of any stockholder  during
the  whole  time  of  the  meeting  on  a  reasonably  accessible
electronic  network, and the information required to access  such
list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.

          Section 8.  Nominations and Stockholder Business.

           (a)   Nominations of persons for election to the Board
of  Directors of the corporation and the proposal of business  to
be  considered  by  the stockholders may be  made  at  an  annual
meeting of stockholders (a) pursuant to the corporation's  notice
of meeting, (b) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors,
or (c) by any stockholder of the corporation who is a stockholder
of  record at the time of giving of notice provided for  in  this
section,  who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied
with the notice procedures set forth in this section.

           (b)   For nominations or other business to be properly
brought  before  an annual meeting by a stockholder  pursuant  to
this  section,  the  stockholder must have  given  timely  notice
thereof in writing to the Secretary of the corporation, and  such
business  must be a proper subject for stockholder  action  under
the   Delaware  General  Corporation  Law.   To  be   timely,   a
stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the Secretary  at  the
principal  executive offices of the corporation (if delivered  by
electronic mail or facsimile, the stockholder's notice  shall  be
directed  to  the  Secretary at the electronic  mail  address  or
facsimile  number, as the case may be, specified in the company's
most  recent proxy statement) not less than forty-five (45)  days
nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the date  on
which  the corporation first mailed its proxy materials  for  the
prior  year's annual meeting of stockholders; provided,  however,
that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced
by  more than thirty (30) days or delayed (other than as a result
of   adjournment)  by  more  than  thirty  (30)  days  from   the
anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting, notice by  the
stockholder  to  be timely must be delivered not later  than  the
close  of business on the later of the sixtieth (60th) day  prior
to  such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day
on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first
made.   Such stockholder's notice shall set forth (a) as to  each
person whom the

<PAGE>

stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as  a
director  all  information  relating  to  such  person  that   is
required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election
of  directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to
Regulation  14A under the  Exchange Act (including such  person's
written  consent  to  being named in the  proxy  statement  as  a
nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (b) as  to  any
other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before  the
meeting,  a  brief  description of the  business  desired  to  be
brought  before  the  meeting, the reasons  for  conducting  such
business  at  the  meeting  and any  material  interest  in  such
business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on
whose  behalf the proposal is made; and (c) as to the stockholder
giving  the  notice and the beneficial owners  if  any  on  whose
behalf  the  nomination  or proposal is made  (i)  the  name  and
address  of such stockholder, as they appear on the corporation's
books,  and  of  such beneficial owner, and (ii)  the  class  and
number  of shares of the corporation which are owned beneficially
and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner.

           (c)   Notwithstanding anything in this section to  the
contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected
to  the  Board  of Directors of the corporation is increased  and
there  is  no  public announcement specifying  the  size  of  the
increased  Board  of Directors made by the corporation  at  least
seventy (70) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding
year's  annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required  by  this
section shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to
nominees  for any new positions created by such increase,  if  it
shall  be  delivered to the Secretary at the principal  executive
offices  of the corporation not later than the close of  business
on  the  tenth (10th) day following the day on which such  public
announcement is first made by the corporation.

          (d)  Only such business shall be conducted at a special
meeting  of  stockholders as shall have been brought  before  the
meeting   pursuant  to  the  corporation's  notice  of   meeting.
Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may
be  made  at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors
are to be elected pursuant to the corporation's notice of meeting
(a)  by  or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b)  by
any stockholder of the corporation who is a stockholder of record
at the time of giving of notice provided for in this section, who
is  entitled  to  vote at the meeting and who complies  with  the
notice  procedures  set  forth in this section.   Nominations  by
stockholders  of persons for election to the Board  of  Directors
may  be  made  at such a special meeting of stockholders  if  the
stockholder's notice required by this section shall be  delivered
to  the  Secretary  at  the principal executive  offices  of  the
corporation  (if delivered by electronic mail or  facsimile,  the
stockholder's  notice shall be directed to the Secretary  at  the
electronic mail address or facsimile number, as the case may  be,
specified  in  the  company's most recent  proxy  statement)  not
earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to  such
special meeting and not later than the close of business  on  the
later of the sixtieth (60th) day prior to such special meeting or
the   tenth  (10th)  day  following  the  day  on  which   public
announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and
of  the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected
at such meeting.

<PAGE>

          (e)  Only those persons who are nominated in accordance
with  the  procedures set forth in this section shall be eligible
for  election as directors at any meeting of stockholders.   Only
such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders  as
shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the
procedures  set  forth  in this section.   The  chairman  of  the
meeting  shall  have  the power and duty to determine  whether  a
nomination  or  any  business proposed to be brought  before  the
meeting  was made in accordance with the procedures set forth  in
this  section and, if any proposed nomination or business is  not
in  compliance with this section, to declare that such  defective
proposal shall be disregarded.

            (f)    For   purposes   of  this   section,   "public
announcement"  shall mean disclosure in a press release  reported
by  the  Dow  Jones News Service, Associated Press or  comparable
national  news  service or in a document publicly  filed  by  the
corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission  pursuant
to Section 9, 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

           (g)   Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
section,  a  stockholder shall also comply  with  all  applicable
requirements  of  the Exchange Act and the rules and  regulations
thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this section.
Nothing  in this section shall be deemed to affect any rights  of
stockholders   to   request  inclusion  of   proposals   in   the
corporation's  proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8  under  the
Exchange Act.

                           ARTICLE III

                            Directors

           Section 1.  Number and Term of Office.  The number  of
directors  which  shall  constitute the whole  of  the  Board  of
Directors  shall be ten (10).  With the exception  of  the  first
Board  of  Directors, which shall be elected by the incorporator,
and  except  as  provided  in Section  3  of  this  Article,  the
directors  shall  be elected by a plurality vote  of  the  shares
represented  in  person or by proxy, at the  stockholders  annual
meeting  in  each  year and entitled to vote on the  election  of
directors.   Elected directors shall hold office until  the  next
annual  meeting and until their successors shall be duly  elected
and  qualified.  Directors need not be stockholders.  If, for any
cause, the Board of Directors shall not have been elected  at  an
annual  meeting,  they  may  be elected  as  soon  thereafter  as
convenient  at a special meeting of the stockholders  called  for
that purpose in the manner provided in these Bylaws.

           Section  2.   Powers.  The powers of  the  corporation
shall  be  exercised,  its business conducted  and  its  property
controlled by or under the direction of the Board of Directors.

           Section  3.   Vacancies.  Vacancies and newly  created
directorships  resulting  from any  increase  in  the  authorized
number  of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors
then  in  office,  although less than a  quorum,  or  by  a  sole
remaining  director,  and each director  so  elected  shall  hold
office for the unexpired

<PAGE>

portion  of the term of the director whose place shall be vacant,
and  until  his  successor  shall  have  been  duly  elected  and
qualified.  A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall  be  deemed
to  exist under this section in the case of the death, removal or
resignation of any director, or if the stockholders fail  at  any
meeting  of  stockholders at which directors are  to  be  elected
(including any meeting referred to in Section 4 below)  to  elect
the number of directors then constituting the whole Board.

          Section 4.  Resignations and Removals.

           (a)  Any director may resign at any time by delivering
his  written  resignation to the Secretary, such  resignation  to
specify  whether it will be effective at a particular time,  upon
receipt  by  the  Secretary or at the pleasure of  the  Board  of
Directors.  If no such specification is made, it shall be  deemed
effective  at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.   When  one
(1) or more directors shall resign from the Board, effective at a
future  date,  a  majority  of  the  directors  then  in  office,
including  those who have so resigned, shall have power  to  fill
such  vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect  when
such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each
director so chosen shall hold office for the unexpired portion of
the  term of the director whose place shall be vacated and  until
his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified.

           (b)  Except as provided in Section 141 of the Delaware
General  Corporation  Law, at a special meeting  of  stockholders
called  for  the purpose in the manner hereinabove provided,  the
Board  of  Directors, or any individual director, may be  removed
from  office,  with  or  without cause, and  a  new  director  or
directors elected by a vote of stockholders holding a majority of
the  outstanding  shares  entitled to  vote  at  an  election  of
directors.

          Section 5.  Meetings.

           (a)  Except as hereinafter otherwise provided, regular
meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held in the office of
the  corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section  2
of  Article I hereof.  Regular meetings of the Board of Directors
may  also  be  held at any place within or without the  State  of
Delaware which has been designated by resolutions of the Board of
Directors  or  the written consent of all directors.   Notice  of
regular meetings of the directors is hereby dispensed with and no
notice whatever of any such meetings need be given.

           (b)  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be
held  at  any  time  and  place within or without  the  State  of
Delaware whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, or by  the
Chief  Executive Officer (if a director) or by  any  two  of  the
directors.

           (c)   Written  notice of the time  and  place  of  all
special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be delivered  to
each director at least twenty-four (24) hours before the start of
the meeting, or if sent by first class mail, at least seventy-two
(72)  hours  before  the  start of the meeting.   Notice  of  any
meeting may be waived in writing at any time before or after  the
meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat.

<PAGE>

          Section 6.  Quorum and Voting.

           (a)   A quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist
of a majority of the exact number of directors fixed from time to
time in accordance with Section 1 of Article III of these Bylaws,
but  not  less than one (1);  provided, however, at  any  meeting
whether  a  quorum  be present or otherwise, a  majority  of  the
directors  present may adjourn from time to time until  the  time
fixed  for  the  next regular meeting of the Board of  Directors,
without notice other than by announcement at the meeting.

           (b)  At each meeting of the Board at which a quorum is
present, all questions and business shall be determined by a vote
of  a  majority of the directors present, unless a different vote
be  required  by law, the Certificate of Incorporation  or  these
Bylaws.

           (c)   Any member of the Board of Directors, or of  any
committee  thereof,  may participate in a  meeting  by  means  of
conference telephone or other communication equipment by means of
which  all  persons participating in the meeting  can  hear  each
other,  and  participation  in  a meeting  by  such  means  shall
constitute presence in person at such meeting.

           (d)   The transactions of any meeting of the Board  of
Directors,  or any committee thereof, however called or  noticed,
or  wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at  a  meeting
duly  held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be  present
and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors
not present shall deliver to the corporation a written waiver  of
notice,  or a consent to holding such meeting, or an approval  of
the  minutes  thereof.  All such waivers, consents  or  approvals
shall  be filed with the corporate records or made a part of  the
minutes of the meeting.

           Section  7.  Action Without Meeting.  Unless otherwise
restricted  by the Certificate of Incorporation or these  Bylaws,
any  action  required or permitted to be taken at any meeting  of
the  Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be  taken
without  a  meeting,  if all members of  the  Board  or  of  such
committee,  as the case may be, consent thereto in  writing,  and
such   writing  or  writings  are  filed  with  the  minutes   of
proceedings of the Board or committee.  Such filing shall  be  in
paper  form if the minutes are maintained in paper form or  shall
be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic
form.

           Section  8.   Fees  and Compensation.   Directors  may
receive   compensation  for  their  services  as   directors   as
determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.   Nothing
herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from
serving  the  corporation in any other capacity  as  an  officer,
agent,   employee   or  otherwise,  and  receiving   compensation
therefor.

          Section 9.  Committees.

           (a)  Executive Committee:  The Board of Directors  may
appoint  an Executive Committee of not less than one (1)  member,
each  of  whom shall be a director.  The Executive Committee,  to
the extent permitted by Delaware law, these Bylaws, the Executive
Committee Charter or other resolutions of the Board of Directors,
shall  have and may exercise, when the Board of Directors is  not
in  session,  all  powers  of  the  Board  of  Directors  in  the
management of the business and affairs of the

<PAGE>

corporation,  including,  without  limitation,  the   power   and
authority  to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance  of
stock,  except  such  committee  shall  not  have  the  power  or
authority  to  (a)  approve  or  adopt,  or  recommend   to   the
corporation's  stockholders,  any  action  or  matter   expressly
required  by the Delaware General Corporation Law to be submitted
to  stockholders for approval, or (b) adopt, amend or repeal  any
bylaw of the corporation.

           (b)   Other  Committees:  The Board of  Directors  may
appoint  such other committees as may be permitted by law.   Such
other  committees appointed by the Board of Directors shall  have
such  powers and perform such duties as may be prescribed by  the
resolution  or  resolutions creating such committee,  but  in  no
event  shall  any such committee have the powers  denied  to  the
Executive Committee in these Bylaws.

           (c)  Term:  The members of all committees of the Board
of Directors shall serve a term coexistent with that of the Board
of  Directors  which  shall have appointed such  committee.   The
Board,  subject to the provisions of subsections (a)  or  (b)  of
this section, may at any time increase or decrease the number  of
members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee;
provided  that no committee shall consist of less  than  one  (1)
member.  The membership of a committee member shall terminate  on
the date of his death or voluntary resignation, but the Board may
at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member
and  the  Board may fill any committee vacancy created by  death,
resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of  the
committee.  The Board of Directors may designate one (1) or  more
directors as alternate members of any committee, who may  replace
any   absent  or  disqualified  member  at  any  meeting  of  the
committee,  and,  in addition, in the absence or disqualification
of  any  member  of  a committee, the member or  members  thereof
present  at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether
or   not  the  member  or  members  constitutes  a  quorum,   may
unanimously  appoint another member of the Board of Directors  to
act  at  the  meeting  in  the  place  of  any  such  absent   or
disqualified member.

           (d)   Meetings:   Unless the Board of Directors  shall
otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or
any  other committee appointed pursuant to this section shall  be
held  at such times and places as are determined by the Board  of
Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof  has
been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of
such  regular meetings need be given thereafter; special meetings
of  any  such committee may be called by any director  who  is  a
member  of such committee, upon written notice to the members  of
such  committee  of  the time and place of such  special  meeting
given in the manner provided for the giving of written notice  to
members  of  the  Board of Directors of the  time  and  place  of
special  meetings  of  the  Board of Directors.   Notice  of  any
special meeting of any committee may be waived in writing at  any
time  before  or  after the meeting and will  be  waived  by  any
director  by  attendance thereat.  A majority of  the  authorized
number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum
for  the  transaction of business, and the act of a  majority  of
those  present at any meeting at which a quorum is present  shall
be the act of such committee.

<PAGE>

           Section  10:  Emergency Bylaws.  In the event  of  any
emergency, disaster or catastrophe, as referred to in Section 110
of  the  Delaware  General  Corporation  Law,  or  other  similar
emergency  condition, as a result of which a quorum of the  Board
of  Directors or a standing committee of the Board cannot readily
be  convened  for  action,  then the  director  or  directors  in
attendance at a meeting shall constitute a quorum.  Such director
or directors in attendance may further take action to appoint one
(1) or more of themselves or other directors to membership on any
standing or temporary committees of the Board as they shall  deem
necessary and appropriate.

                           ARTICLE IV

                            Officers

          Section 1.  Officers Designated.

           (a)   The officers of the corporation elected  by  the
Board of Directors shall be a Chairman of the Board of Directors,
who  shall  be  a  member  of the Board  of  Directors,  a  Chief
Executive  Officer, a President, one (1) or more Vice Presidents,
a  Secretary, a Chief Financial Officer and a Treasurer and  such
other officers as the Board of Directors may deem expedient,  and
such  officers  shall be elected in such manner  and  hold  their
offices  for such terms as the Board of Directors may  prescribe.
The  Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to  one
(1)  or more of the officers as they shall deem appropriate.  Any
one  (1) person may hold any number of offices of the corporation
at  any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law.
The  Board of Directors may from time to time, in its discretion,
assign titles, powers, duties and reporting arrangements for  any
elected  officer.   Any  office of the corporation  may  be  left
vacant  from  time  to time at the discretion  of  the  Board  of
Directors.   The salaries and other compensation of the  officers
of  the corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner designated
by the Board of Directors.

           (b)   In addition to the officers elected by the Board
of Directors in accordance with Section 1(a), the corporation may
have  one  or more appointed Vice-Presidents, Fellows,  Assistant
Secretaries,  Assistant Treasurers or other officers,  who  shall
also   be   officers  of  the  corporation  (each  an  "Appointed
Officer").   Any  Appointed  Officer  may  be  appointed  by  the
Chairman  of  the  Board  or the Chief  Executive  Officer.   The
Chairman  of  the Board or the Chief Executive Officer  may  from
time  to  time, in his or her discretion, assign powers,  duties,
scope of job responsibilities and reporting arrangements for  any
Appointed  Officer.  Any such Appointed Officer shall  have  such
title,  powers  and  duties  as  the  person(s)  appointing  such
Appointed  Officer may determine, consistent with  Section  2  of
this Article.

          Section 2.  Tenure, Succession and Duties of Officers.

           (a)   Tenure:  All officers shall hold office  at  the
pleasure  of  the  Board of Directors and until their  successors
shall  have  been  duly  elected  and  qualified,  unless  sooner
removed.   Any officer elected by the Board of Directors  may  be
removed at any time by the Board of Directors.  If the office  of
any  elected  officer becomes vacant for any reason, the  vacancy
may be left vacant or be filled by the Board of Directors.  Any

<PAGE>

Appointed  Officer may be removed at any time  by  the  Board  of
Directors,  the  Chairman of the Board  or  the  Chief  Executive
Officer.   If the office of any Appointed Officer becomes  vacant
for  any  reason, the vacancy may be left vacant or be filled  by
the  Chairman  of  the  Board  or the  Chief  Executive  Officer.
Nothing  in these Bylaws shall be construed as creating any  kind
of contractual right to employment with the corporation.

           (b) Succession:  In the absence of a resolution of the
Board  of  Directors specifying another order of  succession,  in
cases  where  a  corporate officer, as  listed  below,  shall  be
kidnapped,  missing, dead, deemed by his or  her  manager  to  be
incapacitated  and  unable to appropriately perform  his  or  her
duties,  or in any other case where such officer vacates  his  or
her  office  (individually a "Corporate Absence") such  corporate
officer's powers and duties shall be performed as follows:

                (i)  Succession of the Chairman of the Board:  In
any  case of Corporate Absence with regard to the Chairman of the
Board,  the  Board of Directors shall meet promptly  to  consider
whether to confer the title, powers and duties of the Chairman of
the  Board  of  Directors  on another  member  of  the  Board  of
Directors.

                (ii)   Succession of the Chief Executive Officer:
In  any  case  of  Corporate Absence with  regard  to  the  Chief
Executive Officer, the Board of Directors shall meet promptly  to
confer  the  title,  powers and duties  of  the  Chief  Executive
Officer on another elected officer or officers.  Until the  Board
of  Directors takes such action, the President shall exercise all
the  power  and  perform all the duties of  the  Chief  Executive
Officer.

               (iii) Succession of the President:  In any case of
Corporate  Absence  with regard to the President,  the  Board  of
Directors  shall  meet promptly to confer the title,  powers  and
duties  of  the President on another officer or officers.   Until
the  Board  of  Directors takes such action, the Chief  Executive
Officer  (or if there is no separate Chief Executive  Officer  at
such  time, the Chief Financial Officer) shall exercise all power
and perform all the duties of the President.

                (iv)  Succession of the Chief Financial  Officer:
In  any  case  of  Corporate Absence with  regard  to  the  Chief
Financial  Officer,   the  Chairman of the  Board  or  the  Chief
Executive  Officer  may  direct the Vice President,  Director  of
Corporate  Finance to assume and perform the duties of the  Chief
Financial  Officer, and the Vice President, Director of Corporate
Finance  shall  perform such other duties  and  have  such  other
powers  as the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the  Board  or
the Chief Executive Officer shall designate from time to time.

                (v) Succession of the Treasurer:  In any case  of
Corporate  Absence with regard to the Treasurer, the Chairman  of
the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may direct any Assistant
Treasurer to assume and perform the duties of the Treasurer,  and
each Assistant Treasurer shall perform such other duties and have
such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chairman of  the
Board or the Chief Executive Officer shall designate from time to
time.

<PAGE>

                (vi)   Succession of the Vice President,  General
Counsel:   In  any case of Corporate Absence with regard  to  the
Vice President, General Counsel, the Chairman of the Board or the
Chief  Executive  Officer may direct the Vice  President,  Deputy
General Counsel (or if there is no Vice President, Deputy General
Counsel  any  member  of  the Vice President,  General  Counsel's
direct  staff)  to  assume and perform the  duties  of  the  Vice
President,  General  Counsel,  and  the  Vice  President,  Deputy
General Counsel (or such other direct staff member) shall perform
such  other  duties and have such other powers as  the  Board  of
Directors,  the  Chairman of the Board  or  the  Chief  Executive
Officer shall designate from time to time.

                (vii) Succession of the Secretary: In any case of
Corporate  Absence with regard to the Secretary, the Chairman  of
the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may direct any Assistant
Secretary to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary,  and
each  Assistant  Secretary shall perform such  other  duties  and
shall  have  such  other powers as the Board  of  Directors,  the
Chairman  of  the  Board  or the Chief  Executive  Officer  shall
designate from time to time.

           (c)   Duties:  The officer(s) bearing the  titles  set
forth  below  shall have the powers and duties  set  forth  below
unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors.

                (i)  Duties  of  the Chairman  of  the  Board  of
Directors:  The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall  preside
at  all  meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors,
unless the Board of Directors determines otherwise.  The Chairman
of  the  Board of Directors shall perform such other  duties  and
have  such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate
from time to time.

                (ii)  Duties of the Chief Executive Officer:  The
Chief  Executive Officer shall, subject to the oversight  of  the
Board  of  Directors,  have  general supervision,  direction  and
control of the business and the officers, employees and agents of
the  corporation.  In the absence of the Chairman of  the  Board,
the Chief Executive Officer, if such officer is a director, shall
preside  at  all meetings of the Board of Directors,  unless  the
Board  of  Directors determines otherwise.  The  Chief  Executive
Officer  shall  perform such other duties  and  have  such  other
powers  as  the Board of Directors shall designate from  time  to
time.

                (iii)   Duties  of  President:   Subject  to  the
oversight of the Board of Directors and the supervision,  control
and authority of the Chief Executive Officer, the President shall
have  general supervision, direction and control of the  business
and  the officers, employees and agents of the corporation.   The
President  shall  perform such other duties and have  such  other
powers  as  the Board of Directors shall designate from  time  to
time.

                (iv)   Duties of Vice Presidents & Fellows:   The
Vice  Presidents  (whether elected by the Board of  Directors  or
appointed  by  the Chairman of the Board or the  Chief  Executive
Officer) and Fellows shall have the powers and perform the duties
that  pertain to, or relate to, such Vice President's or Fellow's
designated  job  or business function and shall have  such  other
powers  and  perform such other duties as the Board of Directors,
the  Chairman  of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer  shall
designate from time to time.

<PAGE>

                (v)   Duties  of Secretary:  The Secretary  shall
attend  all  meetings of the stockholders and  of  the  Board  of
Directors  and any committee thereof, and shall record  all  acts
and proceedings thereof in the minute book of the corporation and
shall  keep  the  seal of the corporation in safe  custody.   The
Secretary shall give notice, in conformity with these Bylaws,  of
all  meetings  of  the stockholders, and of all meetings  of  the
Board  of  Directors and any Committee thereof requiring  notice.
The Secretary shall perform such other duties and have such other
powers  as  the Board of Directors shall designate from  time  to
time.   It  shall  be  the duty of the Assistant  Secretaries  to
assist the Secretary in the performance of the Secretary's powers
and  duties  and generally to have such other powers and  perform
such  other  duties as may be delegated to them by the  Board  of
Directors,  the  Chairman of the Board  or  the  Chief  Executive
Officer.

                (vi)   Duties  of  Chief  Financial  Officer  and
Treasurer:  Each of the Chief Financial Officer and the Treasurer
shall  control,  audit and arrange the financial affairs  of  the
corporation,  consistent with the responsibilities  delegated  to
each  of  them  by the corporation's Chief Executive  Officer  or
President.  The Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer, as the case
may  be,  shall receive and deposit all monies belonging  to  the
corporation and shall pay out the same only in such manner as the
Board  of  Directors may from time to time determine,  and  shall
have such other powers and perform such other duties as the Board
of  Directors may require.  It shall be the duty of the Assistant
Treasurers  to  assist the Treasurer in the  performance  of  the
Treasurer's  powers and duties and generally to have  such  other
powers and perform such other duties as may be delegated to  them
by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief
Executive Officer.

                            ARTICLE V

             Execution of Corporate Instruments, and

          Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation

          Section 1.  Execution of Corporate Instruments.

           (a)   The  Board of Directors may, in its  discretion,
determine  the  method  and designate the  signatory  officer  or
officers,  or  other person or persons, to execute any  corporate
instrument  or  document, or to sign the corporate  name  without
limitation,  except where otherwise provided  by  law,  and  such
execution or signature shall be binding upon the corporation.

           (b)   Unless otherwise specifically determined by  the
Board  of Directors or otherwise required by law or these Bylaws,
formal  contracts of the corporation, promissory notes, deeds  of
trust,  mortgages  and  other evidences of  indebtedness  of  the
corporation and other corporate instruments or documents shall be
executed,  signed or endorsed by the Chairman of the  Board,  the
Chief  Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary,  or  by
any  Vice  President  or any Fellow (only  with  regard  to  such
corporate  instruments that pertain to or  relate  to  such  Vice
President's or Fellow's job or business function).

<PAGE>

           (c)   All  checks and drafts drawn on banks  or  other
depositaries on funds or assets to the credit of the corporation,
or  in  special accounts of the corporation, shall be  signed  by
such  person  or  persons  as  are authorized  by  the  Board  of
Directors.

          Section 2.  Execution and Voting of Securities Owned by
Corporation.    All   stock  and  other   securities   of   other
corporations owned or held by the corporation for itself, or  for
other  parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and  all  proxies
with  respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized
so  to  do  by resolution of the Board of Directors  or,  in  the
absence of such authorization, by the Chairman of the Board,  the
Chief  Executive  Officer,  the President,  the  Chief  Financial
Officer, the Treasurer or the Secretary. Certificates for  shares
of  stock  or other securities owned by the corporation shall  be
executed, signed or endorsed by the person authorized so to do by
resolution of the Board of Directors or, in the absence  of  such
authorization, by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief  Executive
Officer,   the  President,  the  Chief  Financial  Officer,   the
Treasurer, or the Secretary.

                           ARTICLE VI

                         Shares of Stock

            Section  1.   Form  and  Execution  of  Certificates.
Certificates for the shares of stock of the corporation shall  be
issued only to the extent as may be required by applicable law or
as   otherwise  authorized  by  the  Secretary  or  an  Assistant
Secretary,  and  if  so  issued shall  be  in  such  form  as  is
consistent  with the Certificate of Incorporation and  applicable
law.  Any such certificate shall be signed by, or in the name  of
the  corporation by, the Chairman of the Board, or by  the  Chief
Executive Officer, or by the President or any Vice President  and
by  the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary  or  an
Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by him
in  the  corporation.   Any  or all  of  the  signatures  on  the
certificate  may  be a facsimile.  In case any officer,  transfer
agent,  or  registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature
has  been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be  such
officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate  is
issued,  it may be issued with the same effect as if  he  or  she
were  such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the  date  of
issue.  If the corporation shall be authorized to issue more than
one  class of stock or more than one series of any class, and  if
and  to  the  extent that the corporation shall  be  required  or
authorized  as provided above to issue certificates  representing
all  or  a  portion of such class or series of  stock,  then  the
powers,  designations,  preferences and relative,  participating,
optional  or other special rights of each such class of stock  or
series   thereof   and   the   qualifications,   limitations   or
restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth
in  full  or  summarized on the face or back of  the  certificate
which  the  corporation shall issue to represent  such  class  or
series  of stock, provided that, except as otherwise provided  in
Section  202 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, in lieu  of
the  foregoing  requirements for such certificated shares,  there
may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate which the
corporation  shall  issue to represent such class  or  series  of
stock,  a  statement  that the corporation will  furnish  without
charge   to   each  stockholder  who  so  requests  the   powers,
designations,  preferences and relative, participating,  optional
or  other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof
and  the  qualifications,  limitations or  restrictions  of  such
preferences and/or rights.

<PAGE>

           Section 2.  Lost Certificates.  The Board of Directors
or  the  Secretary  or an Assistant Secretary may  direct  a  new
certificate  or  certificates  to  be  issued  in  place  of  any
certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation
alleged  to  have been lost or destroyed, upon the making  of  an
affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate  of
stock to be lost or destroyed.  When authorizing such issue of  a
new  certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors  or  the
Secretary  or  an  Assistant  Secretary  may,  in  its  or  their
discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance  thereof,
require  the  owner  of  such lost or  destroyed  certificate  or
certificates,  or  his  legal representative,  to  indemnify  the
corporation in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the
corporation  a  surety bond in such form and  amount  as  it  may
direct  as  indemnity against any claim that may be made  against
the  corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to  have
been lost or destroyed.

           Section 3.  Transfers.  Transfers of record of  shares
of  stock of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by
the  holders  thereof, in person or by attorney duly  authorized,
and  with regard to certificated shares, upon the surrender of  a
certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly
endorsed.

          Section 4.  Fixing Record Dates.

           (a)   In order that the corporation may determine  the
stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any  meeting  of
stockholders  or any adjournment thereof, the Board of  Directors
may  fix  a record date, which record date shall not precede  the
date  upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted
by  the  Board of Directors, and which record date shall  not  be
more  than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date
of  such  meeting.  If no record date is fixed by  the  Board  of
Directors, the record date for determining stockholders  entitled
to  notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at
the  close of business on the day next preceding the day on which
notice  is  given,  or,  if notice is waived,  at  the  close  of
business on the day next preceding the date on which the  meeting
is  held.  A determination of stockholders of record entitled  to
notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply  to
any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board
of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

           (b)   In order that the corporation may determine  the
stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other
distribution  or  allotment  of any rights  or  the  stockholders
entitled  to  exercise  any  rights in  respect  of  any  change,
conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any  other
lawful  action,  the Board of Directors may fix  a  record  date,
which  record  date  shall not precede the date  upon  which  the
resolution  fixing the record date is adopted, and  which  record
date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action.
If  no  record  date  is fixed, the record date  for  determining
stockholders  for  any such purpose shall  be  at  the  close  of
business  on the day on which the Board of Directors  adopts  the
resolution relating thereto.

           Section  5.  Registered Stockholders.  The corporation
shall  be  entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a  person
registered  on  its  books  as the owner  of  shares  to  receive
dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be  bound  to
recognize

<PAGE>

any  equitable  or other claim to or interest in  such  share  or
shares  on the part of any other person, whether or not it  shall
have  express  or  other  notice  thereof,  except  as  otherwise
provided by the laws of Delaware.

                           ARTICLE VII

               Other Securities of the Corporation

          All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of
the corporation, other than stock certificates, may be signed  by
the  Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or  the
President  or any Vice President or such other person as  may  be
authorized  by  the  Board of Directors and  the  corporate  seal
impressed  thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted  thereon
and  attested  by the signature of the Secretary or an  Assistant
Secretary, or the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer;  provided,
however,  that where any such bond, debenture or other  corporate
security  shall  be authenticated by the manual  signature  of  a
trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture
or other corporate security shall be issued, the signature of the
persons  signing and attesting the corporate seal on  such  bond,
debenture  or  other  corporate security  may  be  the  imprinted
facsimile  of  the signatures of such persons.  Interest  coupons
appertaining  to  any  such bond, debenture  or  other  corporate
security,  authenticated  by a trustee  as  aforesaid,  shall  be
signed   by   the  Treasurer  or  Assistant  Treasurer   of   the
corporation,  or  such other person as may be authorized  by  the
Board  of  Directors,  or bear imprinted  thereon  the  facsimile
signature  of  such person.  In case any officer who  shall  have
signed  or  attested  any  bond,  debenture  or  other  corporate
security,  or  whose  facsimile signature shall  appear  thereon,
shall  have  ceased to be such officer of the corporation  before
the  bond,  debenture or other corporate security  so  signed  or
attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other
corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the corporation
and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same
or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not
ceased to be such officer of the corporation.

                          ARTICLE VIII

                         Corporate Seal

           The  corporation shall have a common seal, upon  which
shall be inscribed:

                       "Intel Corporation
                   Incorporated March 1, 1989
                            Delaware"

           In  the  event the corporation changes its  name,  the
corporate  seal shall be changed to reflect such  new  name.  Any
corporate instrument or document requiring the corporate seal may
be  executed  as provided in Article V of these Bylaws,  and  the
corporate seal shall be applied by the Secretary or any Assistant
Secretary.

<PAGE>

                           ARTICLE IX

                       Indemnification of

            Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents

           Section 1.  Right to Indemnification.  Each person who
was  or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to  or  is
involved  (as a party, witness, or otherwise), in any threatened,
pending,  or  completed  action, suit,  arbitration,  alternative
dispute   mechanism,  inquiry,  administrative   or   legislative
hearing,  investigation  or  any  other  actual,  threatened   or
completed  proceeding,  including any and  all  appeals,  whether
civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (hereinafter  a
"Proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a  person
of  whom  he  or she is the legal representative,  is  or  was  a
director,   officer,  employee,  or  agent  of  the   corporation
(including service with respect to employee benefit plans) or  is
or  was  serving at the request of the corporation as a director,
officer,  employee,  or  agent of another  corporation  or  of  a
partnership,  joint venture, trust, or other enterprise,  whether
the  basis  of  the Proceeding is alleged action in  an  official
capacity  as a director, officer, employee, or agent  or  in  any
other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee, or
agent  (hereafter  an  "Agent"), shall be  indemnified  and  held
harmless  by the corporation to the fullest extent authorized  by
the  Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or  may
hereafter be amended or interpreted (but, in the case of any such
amendment  or  interpretation,  only  to  the  extent  that  such
amendment  or interpretation permits the corporation  to  provide
broader indemnification rights than were permitted prior thereto)
against  all expenses, liability, and loss (including  attorneys'
fees,  judgments,  fines, ERISA excise taxes  or  penalties,  and
amounts  paid  or  to be paid in settlement,  and  any  interest,
assessments,  or other charges imposed thereon, and any  federal,
state,  local, or foreign taxes imposed on any Agent as a  result
of  the  actual  or  deemed receipt of any  payments  under  this
Article)  reasonably  incurred or  suffered  by  such  person  in
connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in,  or
participating in (including on appeal), or preparing for  any  of
the   foregoing  in,  any  Proceeding  (hereinafter  "Expenses");
provided,   however,  that  except  as  to  actions  to   enforce
indemnification rights pursuant to Section 3 of this Article, the
corporation shall indemnify any Agent seeking indemnification  in
connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by  such
person only if the Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by
the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  corporation.   The  right  to
indemnification  conferred in this Article shall  be  a  contract
right.

           Section  2.  Authority to Advance Expenses.   Expenses
incurred  by  an officer or director (acting in his  capacity  as
such)  in defending a Proceeding shall be paid by the corporation
in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding, provided,
however,  that  if  required by the Delaware General  Corporation
Law,  as  amended,  such  Expenses shall be  advanced  only  upon
delivery to the corporation of an undertaking by or on behalf  of
such  director  or  officer to repay  such  amount  if  it  shall
ultimately  be  determined that he or she is not entitled  to  be
indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this  Article  or
otherwise.   Expenses incurred by other Agents of the corporation
(or by the directors or officers not acting in their capacity  as
such,  including service with respect to employee benefit  plans)
may  be  advanced upon such terms and conditions as the Board  of
Directors deems appropriate.  Any obligation to reimburse

<PAGE>

the  corporation for Expense advances shall be unsecured  and  no
interest shall be charged thereon.

           Section  3.  Right of Claimant to Bring  Suit.   If  a
claim under Section 1 or 2 of this Article is not paid in full by
the corporation within thirty (30) days after a written claim has
been  received by the corporation, the claimant may at  any  time
thereafter  bring suit, in a court of competent  jurisdiction  in
the  state  of Delaware, against the corporation to  recover  the
unpaid  amount  of the claim and, if successful in  whole  or  in
part,  the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense
(including attorneys' fees) of prosecuting such claim.  It  shall
be  a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to
enforce  a  claim for expenses incurred in defending a Proceeding
in   advance   of  its  final  disposition  where  the   required
undertaking  has  been  tendered to  the  corporation)  that  the
claimant  has  not  met  the standards of conduct  that  make  it
permissible  under the Delaware General Corporation Law  for  the
corporation  to  indemnify the claimant for the  amount  claimed.
The burden of proving such a defense shall be on the corporation.
Neither  the failure of the corporation (including its  Board  of
Directors,  independent legal counsel, or  its  stockholders)  to
have  made  a  determination prior to the  commencement  of  such
action  that indemnification of the claimant is proper under  the
circumstances  because he or she has met the applicable  standard
of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law, nor
an  actual determination by the corporation (including its  Board
of  Directors,  independent legal counsel, or  its  stockholders)
that  the  claimant  had  not  met such  applicable  standard  of
conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption
that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

            Section  4.   Provisions  Nonexclusive.   The  rights
conferred on any person by this Article shall not be exclusive of
any  other rights that such person may have or hereafter  acquire
under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation,
agreement,  vote of stockholders or disinterested  directors,  or
otherwise, both as to action in an official capacity  and  as  to
action  in  another capacity while holding such office.   To  the
extent  that  any provision of the Certificate of  Incorporation,
agreement, or vote of the stockholders or disinterested directors
is  inconsistent with these Bylaws, the provision, agreement,  or
vote shall take precedence.

           Section 5.  Authority to Insure.  The corporation  may
purchase  and maintain insurance to protect itself and any  Agent
against  any Expense, whether or not the corporation  would  have
the  power  to  indemnify the Agent against  such  Expense  under
applicable law or the provisions of this Article.

          Section 6.  Survival of Rights.  The rights provided by
this  Article shall continue as to a person who has ceased to  be
an  Agent  and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors
and administrators of such a person.

           Section  7.   Settlement of Claims.   The  corporation
shall not be liable to indemnify any Agent under this Article (a)
for  any  amounts  paid  in settlement of  any  action  or  claim
effected without the corporation's written consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld; or (b) for any judicial award
if  the  corporation  was  not  given  a  reasonable  and  timely
opportunity,  at its expense, to participate in  the  defense  of
such action.

<PAGE>

           Section  8.      Effect of Amendment.  Any  amendment,
repeal,  or  modification  of this Article  shall  not  adversely
affect any right or protection of any Agent existing at the  time
of such amendment, repeal, or modification.

          Section 9.  Subrogation.  In the event of payment under
this  Article, the corporation shall be subrogated to the  extent
of  such  payment to all of the rights of recovery of the  Agent,
who  shall  execute all papers required and shall  do  everything
that  may  be  necessary  to secure such  rights,  including  the
execution  of such documents necessary to enable the  corporation
effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

            Section   10.   No  Duplication  of  Payments.    The
corporation  shall not be liable under this Article to  make  any
payment  in connection with any claim made against the  Agent  to
the  extent  the  Agent has otherwise actually  received  payment
(under  any  insurance policy, agreement, vote, or otherwise)  of
the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder.

                            ARTICLE X

                             Notices

           (a)   Whenever, under any provisions of these  Bylaws,
notice is required to be given to any stockholder, the same shall
be  given in writing, either (a) timely and duly deposited in the
United  States  Mail,  postage  prepaid,  and  addressed  to  the
stockholder's  last known post office address  as  shown  by  the
stock record of the corporation or its transfer agent or (b) by a
form  of  electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder
to  whom the notice is given, except to the extent prohibited  by
Section  232(e)  of  the Delaware General Corporation  Law.   Any
consent  to  receive notice by electronic transmission  shall  be
revocable   by   the  stockholder  by  written  notice   to   the
corporation.  Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (i) the
corporation  is unable to deliver by electronic transmission  two
(2)  consecutive notices given by the corporation  in  accordance
with  such consent and (ii) such inability becomes known  to  the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation or to  the
transfer  agent, or other person responsible for  the  giving  of
notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to treat  such
inability  as  a revocation shall not invalidate any  meeting  or
other action.

           (b)   Any  notice required to be given to any director
may  be given by the method hereinabove stated.  Any such notice,
other  than one which is delivered personally, shall be  sent  to
such  post  office address, facsimile number or  electronic  mail
address  as  such director shall have filed in writing  with  the
Secretary of the corporation, or, in the absence of such  filing,
to the last known post office address of such director.  It shall
not  be  necessary  that  the same method  of  giving  notice  be
employed  in  respect of all directors, but one  (1)  permissible
method  may  be employed in respect of any one or more,  and  any
other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of
any other or others.

<PAGE>

           (c)   If  no  post office address of a stockholder  or
director be known, such notice may be sent to the office  of  the
corporation  required to be maintained pursuant to Section  2  of
Article I hereof.  An affidavit executed by a duly authorized and
competent  employee of the corporation or the transfer  agent  or
other  agent  of  the corporation appointed with respect  to  the
class  of  stock  affected, specifying the name and  post  office
address or the names and post office addresses of the stockholder
or  stockholders, director or directors, to whom any such  notice
or  notices was or were given, and the time and method of  giving
the  same (or, for any stockholder or director to whom notice has
been  directed by electronic transmission, the form of electronic
transmission and the facsimile number, electronic mail address or
other location to which such notice was directed and the time  at
which  such  notice  was  directed  to  each  such  director   or
stockholder),  shall be prima facie evidence  of  the  statements
therein contained.

           (d)   All  notices given by mail, as  above  provided,
shall  be  deemed to have been given as at the time  of  mailing.
All  notices  given  to  stockholders by  a  form  of  electronic
transmission,  as above provided, shall be deemed  to  have  been
given:  (a) if by facsimile, when directed to a number  at  which
the  stockholder  has  consented to receive  notice;  (b)  if  by
electronic  mail, when directed to an electronic mail address  at
which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (c) if  by
a  posting on an electronic network together with separate notice
to  the  stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later  of
(i) such posting and (ii) the giving of such separate notice; and
(d)  if  by  any  other  form  of electronic  transmission,  when
directed to the stockholder.  All notices given to directors by a
form  of  electronic  transmission, as above provided,  shall  be
deemed  to  have been given when directed to the electronic  mail
address, facsimile number, or other location filed in writing  by
the director with the Secretary of the corporation.

           (e)  The period or limitation of time within which any
stockholder  may  exercise any option  or  right,  or  enjoy  any
privilege or benefit, or be required to act, or within which  any
director may exercise any power or right, or enjoy any privilege,
pursuant  to  any  notice sent him in the manner above  provided,
shall not be affected or extended in any manner by the failure of
such a stockholder or such director to receive such notice.

           (f)  Whenever any notice is required to be given under
the  provisions  of  the  statutes  or  of  the  Certificate   of
Incorporation,  or of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof  in  writing
given  by the person or persons entitled to said notice,  whether
before  or  after  the  time  stated  therein,  shall  be  deemed
equivalent thereto.

          (g)  Whenever notice is required to be given, under any
provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
of  the  corporation,  to any person with whom  communication  is
unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall  not  be
required  and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental
authority  or agency for a license or permit to give such  notice
to  such  person.  Any action or meeting which shall be taken  or
held without notice to any such person with whom communication is
unlawful  shall have the same force and effect as if such  notice
had been duly given.  In

<PAGE>

the event that the action taken by the corporation is such as  to
require  the filing of a certificate under any provision  of  the
Delaware General Corporation Law, the certificate shall state, if
such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given
to  all  persons entitled to receive notice except  such  persons
with whom communication is unlawful.

           (h)  Whenever notice is to be given to the corporation
by a stockholder under any provision of law or of the Certificate
of  Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation, such notice shall
be  delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices
of   the  corporation.   If  delivered  by  electronic  mail   or
facsimile,  the  stockholder's notice shall be  directed  to  the
Secretary at the electronic mail address or facsimile number,  as
the  case  may  be, specified in the company's most recent  proxy
statement.

                           ARTICLE XI

                           Amendments

            Unless  otherwise  provided  in  the  Certificate  of
Incorporation, these Bylaws may be repealed, altered  or  amended
or  new Bylaws adopted at any meeting of the stockholders, either
annual  or special, by the affirmative vote of a majority of  the
stock  entitled to vote at such meeting.  The Board of  Directors
shall  also  have the authority to repeal, alter or  amend  these
Bylaws  or  adopt new Bylaws (including, without limitation,  the
amendment of any Bylaws setting forth the number of directors who
shall  constitute  the  whole Board of  Directors)  by  unanimous
written consent or at any annual, regular, or special meeting  by
the  affirmative  vote  of a majority  of  the  whole  number  of
directors, subject to the power of the stockholders to change  or
repeal such Bylaws and provided that the Board of Directors shall
not   make   or  alter  any  Bylaws  fixing  the  qualifications,
classifications, term of office or compensation of directors.

                           ARTICLE XII

                     Electronic Transmission

When  used in these Bylaws, the terms "written" and "in  writing"
shall  include  any  "electronic  transmission,"  as  defined  in
Section 232(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, including
without    limitation   any   telegram,   cablegram,    facsimile
transmission and communication by electronic mail.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>eip.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                   2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
         AS AMENDED AND RESTATED, EFFECTIVE MAY 18, 2005

1. PURPOSE

      The purpose of this Intel Corporation 2004 Equity Incentive
Plan   (the  "Plan")  is  to  advance  the  interests  of   Intel
Corporation,   a  Delaware  corporation,  and  its   Subsidiaries
(hereinafter  collectively  "Intel"  or  the  "Corporation"),  by
stimulating  the  efforts of employees who  are  selected  to  be
participants on behalf of Intel, aligning the long-term interests
of  participants  with  those  of stockholders,  heightening  the
desire  of  participants  to  continue  in  working  toward   and
contributing  to  the  success  of  Intel,  assisting  Intel   in
competing effectively with other enterprises for the services  of
new   employees  necessary  for  the  continued  improvement   of
operations,  and  to  attract  and  retain  the  best   available
individuals  for  service as directors of the  Corporation.  This
Plan  permits  the  grant  of stock options,  stock  appreciation
rights, restricted stock and stock units, each of which shall  be
subject  to  such  conditions  based upon  continued  employment,
passage of time or satisfaction of performance criteria as  shall
be specified pursuant to the Plan.

2. DEFINITIONS

      (a) "Award" means a stock option, stock appreciation right,
restricted stock or stock unit granted to a Participant  pursuant
to the Plan.

     (b) "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of the
Corporation.

      (c) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
such is amended from time to time, and any reference to a section
of the Code shall include any successor provision of the Code.

      (d)  "Committee" shall mean the committee appointed by  the
Board of Directors from among its members to administer the  Plan
pursuant to Section 3.

     (e) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
1934,  as  amended  from time to time, and  any  reference  to  a
section of the Exchange Act shall include any successor provision
of the Exchange Act.

      (f) "Outside Director" shall mean a member of the Board  of
Directors who is not otherwise an employee of the Corporation.

      (g)  "Participants"  shall mean those individuals  to  whom
Awards  have  been granted from time to time and  any  authorized
transferee of such individuals.

      (h) "Performance Award" means an Award that vests only upon
the  satisfaction  of  one or more of the Qualifying  Performance
Criteria specified in Section 10(b).

<PAGE>

       (i)  "Plan"  means  this  Intel  Corporation  2004  Equity
Incentive Plan.

      (j)  "Share" shall mean a share of common stock, $.001  par
value,  of  the Corporation or the number and kind of  shares  of
stock  or other securities which shall be substituted or adjusted
for such shares as provided in Section 11.

      (k)  "Subsidiary" means any corporation or entity in  which
Intel Corporation owns or controls, directly or indirectly, fifty
percent  (50%) or more of the voting power or economic  interests
of such corporation or entity.

3. ADMINISTRATION

       (a)   Composition  of  Committee.  This  Plan   shall   be
administered by the Committee. The Committee shall consist of two
or  more Outside Directors who shall be appointed by the Board of
Directors.  The  Board of Directors shall fill vacancies  on  the
Committee and may from time to time remove or add members of  the
Committee.  The  Board of Directors, in its sole discretion,  may
exercise any authority of the Committee under this Plan  in  lieu
of  the  Committee's  exercise thereof,  and  in  such  instances
references  herein to the Committee shall refer to the  Board  of
Directors.

       (b)  Delegation  and  Administration.  The  Committee  may
delegate to one or more separate committees (any such committee a
"Subcommittee")  composed  of  one  or  more  directors  of   the
Corporation  (who may but need not be members of  the  Committee)
the  ability to grant Awards and take the other actions described
in  Section  3(c)  with  respect  to  Participants  who  are  not
executive  officers, and such actions shall be  treated  for  all
purposes  as  if taken by the Committee. Any action by  any  such
Subcommittee within the scope of such delegation shall be  deemed
for  all  purposes  to  have been taken  by  the  Committee,  and
references in this Plan to the Committee shall include  any  such
Subcommittee.  The  Committee may delegate the administration  of
the  Plan to an officer or officers of the Corporation, and  such
administrator(s) may have the authority to execute and distribute
agreements  or other documents evidencing or relating  to  Awards
granted  by  the  Committee under this Plan, to maintain  records
relating   to   the  grant,  vesting,  exercise,  forfeiture   or
expiration  of  Awards,  to process or oversee  the  issuance  of
Shares  upon the exercise, vesting and/or settlement of an Award,
to  interpret the terms of Awards and to take such other  actions
as  the Committee may specify, provided that in no case shall any
such  administrator be authorized to grant Awards under the Plan.
Any  action  by any such administrator within the  scope  of  its
delegation shall be deemed for all purposes to have been taken by
the  Committee and references in this Plan to the Committee shall
include  any  such administrator, provided that the  actions  and
interpretations  of any such administrator shall  be  subject  to
review   and  approval,  disapproval  or  modification   by   the
Committee.

      (c)  Powers  of  the  Committee.  Subject  to  the  express
provisions and limitations set forth in this Plan, the  Committee
shall  be authorized and empowered to do all things necessary  or
desirable,  in  its  sole  discretion,  in  connection  with  the
administration  of this Plan, including, without limitation,  the
following:

<PAGE>

           (i)to   prescribe,   amend  and  rescind   rules   and
           regulations relating to this Plan and to define  terms
           not otherwise defined herein;

           (ii)     to  determine which persons are Participants,
           to  which  of such Participants, if any, Awards  shall
           be  granted  hereunder  and the  timing  of  any  such
           Awards, and to grant Awards;

           (iii)    to grant Awards to Participants and determine
           the   terms  and  conditions  thereof,  including  the
           number  of  Shares subject to Awards and the  exercise
           or   purchase   price   of   such   Shares   and   the
           circumstances  under which Awards  become  exercisable
           or  vested or are forfeited or expire, which terms may
           but  need not be conditioned upon the passage of time,
           continued  employment, the satisfaction of performance
           criteria, the occurrence of certain events,  or  other
           factors;

           (iv)      to   establish  or  verify  the  extent   of
           satisfaction  of  any  performance  goals   or   other
           conditions   applicable  to   the   grant,   issuance,
           exercisability, vesting and/or ability to  retain  any
           Award;

           (v)to  prescribe and amend the terms of the agreements
           or  other documents evidencing Awards made under  this
           Plan (which need not be identical);

           (vi)     to  determine  whether,  and  the  extent  to
           which,  adjustments are required pursuant  to  Section
           11;

           (vii)    to  interpret  and construe  this  Plan,  any
           rules  and  regulations under this Plan and the  terms
           and conditions of any Award granted hereunder, and  to
           make  exceptions to any such provisions in good  faith
           and for the benefit of the Corporation; and

           (viii)    to  make  all  other  determinations  deemed
           necessary or advisable for the administration of  this
           Plan.

     (d) Effect of Change in Status. The Committee shall have the
discretion  to  determine the effect upon an Award  and  upon  an
individual's  status  as an employee under  the  Plan  (including
whether  a  Participant  shall be deemed to  have  experienced  a
termination of employment or other change in status) and upon the
vesting, expiration or forfeiture of an Award in the case of  (i)
any  individual who is employed by an entity that ceases to be  a
Subsidiary of the Corporation, (ii) any leave of absence approved
by  the  Corporation or a Subsidiary, (iii) any transfer  between
locations  of employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary  or
between  the  Corporation  and  any  Subsidiary  or  between  any
Subsidiaries, (iv) any change in the Participant's status from an
employee to a consultant or member of the Board of Directors,  or
vice  versa,  and  (v)  at the request of the  Corporation  or  a
Subsidiary, any employee who becomes employed by any partnership,
joint  venture,  corporation  or other  entity  not  meeting  the
requirements of a Subsidiary.

<PAGE>

       (e)   Determinations  of  the  Committee.  All  decisions,
determinations  and  interpretations by the  Committee  regarding
this  Plan  shall  be final and binding on all Participants.  The
Committee  shall  consider such factors as it deems  relevant  to
making   such   decisions,  determinations  and   interpretations
including, without limitation, the recommendations or  advice  of
any  director,  officer or employee of the Corporation  and  such
attorneys,  consultants  and accountants  as  it  may  select.  A
Participant or other holder of an Award may contest a decision or
action by the Committee with respect to such person or Award only
on  the  grounds  that such decision or action was  arbitrary  or
capricious  or was unlawful, and any review of such  decision  or
action  shall  be limited to determining whether the  Committee's
decision or action was arbitrary or capricious or was unlawful.

4. PARTICIPANTS

     Awards under the Plan may be granted to any person who is an
employee   or  Outside  Director  of  the  Corporation.   Outside
Directors may be granted Awards only pursuant to Section 9 of the
Plan. The status of the Chairman of the Board of Directors as  an
employee  or  Outside  Director  shall  be  determined   by   the
Committee.  Any  person  designated  by  the  Corporation  as  an
independent  contractor shall not be treated as an  employee  and
shall not be eligible for Awards under the Plan.

5. EFFECTIVE DATE AND EXPIRATION OF PLAN

      (a) Effective Date. This Plan was approved by the Board  of
Directors  on February 20, 2004 and became effective on  May  19,
2004.

     (b) Expiration Date. The Plan shall remain available for the
grant  of Awards until June 30, 2007 or such earlier date as  the
Board   of  Directors  may  determine.  The  expiration  of   the
Committee's  authority to grant Awards under the  Plan  will  not
affect   the  operation  of  the  terms  of  the  Plan   or   the
Corporation's  and  Participants'  rights  and  obligations  with
respect  to Awards granted on or prior to the expiration date  of
the Plan.

6. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

      (a) Aggregate Limits. Subject to adjustment as provided  in
Section  11,  the  aggregate  number  of  Shares  authorized  for
issuance  as  Awards under the Plan is 370,000,000, of  which  no
more  than  an  aggregate of 35,000,000 Shares may be  issued  as
restricted stock or stock units and no more than an aggregate  of
10,000,000  Shares  shall  be available  for  issuance  as  stock
options under any program providing for stock option grants  that
vest  in full in five or more years and that have a maximum  term
of ten years. The Shares subject to the Plan may be either Shares
reacquired by the Corporation, including Shares purchased in  the
open  market,  or  authorized  but unissued  Shares.  Any  Shares
subject  to  an Award which for any reason expires or  terminates
unexercised or is not earned in full may again be made subject to
an  Award  under the Plan. The following Shares may not again  be
made  available for issuance as Awards under the Plan: (i) Shares
not  issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of  an
outstanding Stock Appreciation Right, (ii) Shares used to pay the
exercise  price  or withholding taxes related to  an  outstanding
Award,  or (iii) Shares repurchased on the open market  with  the
proceeds of the option exercise price.

<PAGE>

      (b) Tax Code Limits. The aggregate number of Shares subject
to  stock options or stock appreciation rights granted under this
Plan  during any calendar year to any one Participant  shall  not
exceed  3,000,000.  The aggregate number  of  Shares  subject  to
restricted  stock or stock unit Awards granted  under  this  Plan
during  any calendar year to any one Participant shall not exceed
2,000,000. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan,
the  foregoing  limitations shall be subject to adjustment  under
Section 11, but only to the extent that such adjustment will  not
affect   the   status  of  any  Award  intended  to  qualify   as
"performance-based  compensation" under  Section  162(m)  of  the
Code. The aggregate number of Shares issued pursuant to incentive
stock   options   granted  under  the  Plan  shall   not   exceed
370,000,000,  which  limitation shall be  subject  to  adjustment
under  Section  11  only to the extent that  such  adjustment  is
consistent  with  adjustments permitted  of  a  plan  authorizing
incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code.

7. PLAN AWARDS

       (a)   Award  Types.  The  Committee,  on  behalf  of   the
Corporation,  is authorized under this Plan to grant,  award  and
enter into the following arrangements or benefits under the  Plan
provided  that  their terms and conditions are  not  inconsistent
with   the   provisions  of  the  Plan:  stock   options,   stock
appreciation  rights,  restricted stock  and  stock  units.  Such
arrangements  and benefits are sometimes referred  to  herein  as
"Awards."  The  Committee, in its discretion, may determine  that
any Award granted hereunder shall be a Performance Award.

           (i)Stock  Options.  A "Stock Option"  is  a  right  to
           purchase  a  number of Shares at such exercise  price,
           at  such times, and on such other terms and conditions
           as  are  specified in or determined  pursuant  to  the
           document(s)   evidencing  the   Award   (the   "Option
           Agreement").  The  Committee may grant  Stock  Options
           intended to be eligible to qualify as incentive  stock
           options  ("ISOs") pursuant to Section 422 of the  Code
           and Stock Options that are not intended to qualify  as
           ISOs  ("Non-qualified Stock Options"), as it,  in  its
           sole discretion, shall determine.

           (ii)       Stock   Appreciation   Rights.   A   "Stock
           Appreciation  Right" or "SAR" is a right  to  receive,
           in  cash  or  stock (as determined by the  Committee),
           value  with  respect to a specific  number  of  Shares
           equal  to or otherwise based on the excess of (i)  the
           market  value of a Share at the time of exercise  over
           (ii)  the exercise price of the right, subject to such
           terms   and  conditions  as  are  expressed   in   the
           document(s)   evidencing   the   Award    (the    "SAR
           Agreement").

           (iii)    Restricted Stock. A "Restricted Stock"  Award
           is  an award of Shares, the grant, issuance, retention
           and/or  vesting of which is subject to such conditions
           as  are  expressed in the document(s)  evidencing  the
           Award (the "Restricted Stock Agreement").

<PAGE>

           (iv)     Stock Unit. A "Stock Unit" Award is an  award
           of   a  right  to  receive,  in  cash  or  stock   (as
           determined by the Committee) the market value  of  one
           Share,  the grant, issuance, retention and/or  vesting
           of   which  is  subject  to  such  conditions  as  are
           expressed  in  the  document(s) evidencing  the  Award
           (the "Stock Unit Agreement").

      (b)  Grants of Awards. An Award may consist of one  of  the
foregoing  arrangements or benefits or two or  more  of  them  in
tandem or in the alternative.

8. EMPLOYEE PARTICIPANT AWARDS

     (a) Grant, Terms and Conditions of Stock Options and SARs

      The  Committee may grant Stock Options or SARs at any  time
and  from  time to time prior to the expiration of  the  Plan  to
eligible  employee  Participants selected by  the  Committee.  No
Participant  shall have any rights as a stockholder with  respect
to  any  Shares subject to Stock Options or SARs hereunder  until
said  Shares have been issued. Each Stock Option or SAR shall  be
evidenced  only  by  such  agreements, notices  and/or  terms  or
conditions  documented  in  such form  (including  by  electronic
communications) as may be approved by the Committee.  Each  Stock
Option  grant will expressly identify the Stock Option as an  ISO
or as a Non-qualified Stock Option. Stock Options or SARs granted
pursuant to the Plan need not be identical but each must  contain
or be subject to the following terms and conditions:

           (i)Price. The purchase price (also referred to as  the
           exercise  price)  under  each  Stock  Option  or   SAR
           granted   hereunder  shall  be  established   by   the
           Committee. The purchase price per Share shall  not  be
           less  than 100% of the market value of a Share on  the
           date  of  grant.  For purposes of  the  Plan,  "market
           value"  shall  mean the average of the  high  and  low
           sales  prices of the Corporation's common  stock.  The
           exercise  price  of a Stock Option shall  be  paid  in
           cash  or  in  such  other form if and  to  the  extent
           permitted   by   the   Committee,  including   without
           limitation  by  delivery  of  already  owned   Shares,
           withholding  (either actually or  by  attestation)  of
           Shares  otherwise  issuable under  such  Stock  Option
           and/or  by  payment under a broker-assisted  sale  and
           remittance program acceptable to the Committee.

           (ii)    No Repricing. Other than in connection with  a
           change   in   the  Corporation's  capitalization   (as
           described  in  Section 11 of the Plan),  the  exercise
           price  of  a  Stock Option or SAR may not  be  reduced
           without stockholder approval.

           (iii)    No Reload Grants. Stock Options shall not  be
           granted under the Plan in consideration for and  shall
           not  be conditioned upon the delivery of Shares to the
           Corporation  in payment of the exercise  price  and/or
           tax  withholding obligation under any  other  employee
           stock option.

<PAGE>

           (iv)     Duration, Exercise and Termination  of  Stock
           Options  and SARs. Each Stock Option or SAR  shall  be
           exercisable  at  such  time and in  such  installments
           during  the  period  prior to the  expiration  of  the
           Stock  Option  or SAR as determined by the  Committee.
           The  Committee shall have the right to make the timing
           of  the  ability to exercise any Stock Option  or  SAR
           subject  to continued employment, the passage of  time
           and/or   such  performance  requirements   as   deemed
           appropriate  by the Committee. At any time  after  the
           grant  of a Stock Option, the Committee may reduce  or
           eliminate any restrictions on the Participant's  right
           to  exercise  all or part of the Stock Option,  except
           that  no  Stock Option shall first become  exercisable
           within  one  (1)  year from its date of  grant,  other
           than  upon the death, disability or retirement of  the
           person  to whom the Stock Option was granted, in  each
           case as specified in the Option Agreement.

           Each  Stock Option or SAR that vests in full  in  less
           than  five  (5)  years (standard grants)  must  expire
           within a period of not more than seven (7) years  from
           the  grant  date  and each Stock Option  or  SAR  that
           vests  in  full  in five (5) or more years  (long-term
           retention grants) must expire within a period  of  not
           more  than ten (10) years from the grant date. In each
           case,  the  Option  Agreement  or  SAR  Agreement  may
           provide for expiration prior to the end of the  stated
           term  of the Award in the event of the termination  of
           employment  or service of the Participant to  whom  it
           was granted.

           (v)Suspension  or  Termination of  Stock  Options  and
           SARs.  If  at  any time (including after a  notice  of
           exercise  has been delivered) the Committee, including
           any  Subcommittee or administrator authorized pursuant
           to  Section  3(b)  (any  such person,  an  "Authorized
           Officer"),  reasonably believes  that  a  Participant,
           other  than an Outside Director, has committed an  act
           of  misconduct  as  described  in  this  Section,  the
           Authorized   Officer  may  suspend  the  Participant's
           right  to  exercise any Stock Option or SAR pending  a
           determination  of  whether an act  of  misconduct  has
           been  committed.  If the Committee  or  an  Authorized
           Officer  determines  a  Participant,  other  than   an
           Outside   Director,   has   committed   an   act    of
           embezzlement,  fraud, dishonesty,  nonpayment  of  any
           obligation owed to Intel, breach of fiduciary duty  or
           deliberate  disregard of Corporation  rules  resulting
           in loss, damage or injury to the Corporation, or if  a
           Participant  makes an unauthorized disclosure  of  any
           Corporation  trade secret or confidential information,
           engages    in   any   conduct   constituting    unfair
           competition,  induces  any  customer   to   breach   a
           contract   with   the  Corporation  or   induces   any
           principal  for whom Intel acts as agent  to  terminate
           such agency relationship, neither the Participant  nor
           his  or  her estate shall be entitled to exercise  any
           Stock  Option or SAR whatsoever. Any determination  by
           the  Committee or an Authorized Officer  with  respect
           to  the  foregoing  shall  be  final,  conclusive  and
           binding   on   all   interested   parties.   For   any
           Participant   who  is  an  "executive   officer"   for
           purposes  of  Section  16 of  the  Exchange  Act,  the
           determination  of the Committee or of  the  Authorized
           Officer shall be subject to the approval of the  Board
           of Directors.

 <PAGE>

           (vi)     Conditions  and Restrictions Upon  Securities
           Subject  to  Stock  Options or SARs.  Subject  to  the
           express  provisions  of the Plan,  the  Committee  may
           provide  that  the Shares issued upon  exercise  of  a
           Stock  Option or SAR shall be subject to such  further
           conditions  or  agreements as  the  Committee  in  its
           discretion may specify prior to the exercise  of  such
           Stock  Option  or SAR, including, without  limitation,
           conditions  on vesting or transferability,  forfeiture
           or  repurchase  provisions.  The  obligation  to  make
           payments   with  respect  to  SARs  may  be  satisfied
           through cash payments or the delivery of Shares, or  a
           combination thereof as the Committee shall  determine.
           The  Committee  may establish rules for  the  deferred
           delivery  of  Common Stock upon exercise  of  a  Stock
           Option  or SAR with the deferral evidenced by  use  of
           "Stock  Units" equal in number to the number of Shares
           whose delivery is so deferred.

           (vii)   Other Terms and Conditions. Stock Options  and
           SARs  may  also  contain such other provisions,  which
           shall  not  be inconsistent with any of the  foregoing
           terms, as the Committee shall deem appropriate.

           (viii)   ISOs. Stock Options intending to  qualify  as
           ISOs   may  only  be  granted  to  employees  of   the
           Corporation  within  the  meaning  of  the  Code,   as
           determined  by the Committee. No ISO shall be  granted
           to  any person if immediately after the grant of  such
           Award,  such  person would own stock, including  stock
           subject  to  outstanding Awards held  by  him  or  her
           under  the Plan or any other plan established  by  the
           Corporation, amounting to more than ten percent  (10%)
           of  the  total combined voting power or value  of  all
           classes  of  stock of the Corporation. To  the  extent
           that  the  Option  Agreement specifies  that  a  Stock
           Option is intended to be treated as an ISO, the  Stock
           Option  is intended to qualify to the greatest  extent
           possible  as  an "incentive stock option"  within  the
           meaning  of Section 422 of the Code, and shall  be  so
           construed;   provided,   however,   that   any    such
           designation   shall   not   be   interpreted   as    a
           representation, guarantee or other undertaking on  the
           part  of the Corporation that the Stock Option  is  or
           will  be  determined to qualify as an ISO. If  and  to
           the  extent that any Shares are issued under a portion
           of   any   Stock  Option  that  exceeds  the  $100,000
           limitation  of  Section 422 of the Code,  such  Shares
           shall   not  be  treated  as  issued  under   an   ISO
           notwithstanding  any  designation  otherwise.  Certain
           decisions, amendments, interpretations and actions  by
           the  Committee  and certain actions by  a  Participant
           may  cause  a Stock Option to cease to qualify  as  an
           ISO  pursuant  to  the Code and by accepting  a  Stock
           Option  the  Participant agrees  in  advance  to  such
           disqualifying action.

      (b)  Grant,  Terms and Conditions of Restricted  Stock  and
Stock Units

      The Committee may grant Restricted Stock or Stock Units  at
any  time  and from time to time prior to the expiration  of  the
Plan to eligible employee Participants selected by the Committee.
A  Participant shall have rights as a stockholder with respect to
any

<PAGE>

Shares subject to a Restricted Stock Award hereunder only to  the
extent  specified in this Plan or the Restricted Stock  Agreement
evidencing such Award. Awards of Restricted Stock or Stock  Units
shall  be evidenced only by such agreements, notices and/or terms
or  conditions  documented in such form (including by  electronic
communications)  as may be approved by the Committee.  Awards  of
Restricted Stock or Stock Units granted pursuant to the Plan need
not  be  identical  but each must contain or be  subject  to  the
following terms and conditions:

           (i)Terms   and   Conditions.  Each  Restricted   Stock
           Agreement and each Stock Unit Agreement shall  contain
           provisions regarding (a) the number of Shares  subject
           to  such Award or a formula for determining such,  (b)
           the  purchase  price of the Shares, if  any,  and  the
           means  of  payment for the Shares, (c) the performance
           criteria,  if  any,  and level of  achievement  versus
           these  criteria  that shall determine  the  number  of
           Shares granted, issued, retainable and/or vested,  (d)
           such  terms  and  conditions on the  grant,  issuance,
           vesting  and/or  forfeiture of the Shares  as  may  be
           determined  from  time to time by the  Committee,  (e)
           restrictions on the transferability of the Shares  and
           (f)  such  further  terms and  conditions  as  may  be
           determined  from  time to time by  the  Committee,  in
           each case not inconsistent with this Plan.

           (ii)     Sale  Price. Subject to the  requirements  of
           applicable  law,  the  Committee shall  determine  the
           price, if any, at which Shares of Restricted Stock  or
           Stock   Units   shall  be  sold  or   awarded   to   a
           Participant,  which may vary from  time  to  time  and
           among  Participants and which may be below the  market
           value  of  such  Shares  at  the  date  of  grant   or
           issuance.

           (iii)    Share Vesting. The grant, issuance, retention
           and/or  vesting  of Shares under Restricted  Stock  or
           Stock  Unit Awards shall be at such time and  in  such
           installments as determined by the Committee  or  under
           criteria  established by the Committee. The  Committee
           shall  have the right to make the timing of the  grant
           and/or  the issuance, ability to retain and/or vesting
           of  Shares under Restricted Stock or Stock Unit Awards
           subject  to  continued  employment,  passage  of  time
           and/or   such  performance  criteria  and   level   of
           achievement   versus   these   criteria   as    deemed
           appropriate  by the Committee, which criteria  may  be
           based   on   financial  performance  and/or   personal
           performance  evaluations. Up to 100,000  Shares  shall
           be  available for issuance to employee Participants as
           Awards  having no minimum vesting period. No condition
           that  is  based on performance criteria and  level  of
           achievement  versus such criteria shall  be  based  on
           performance over a period of less than one  year,  and
           no  condition that is based upon continued  employment
           or  the  passage of time shall provide for vesting  in
           full  of  a  Restricted Stock or Stock Unit  Award  in
           less  than pro rata installments over three years from
           the  date  the Award is made, other than with  respect
           to  such  Awards  that  are issued  upon  exercise  or
           settlement  of  Stock  Options or  SARs  or  upon  the
           death,  disability or retirement of  the  Participant,
           in each case as specified in the agreement

<PAGE>

           evidencing  such  Award. Notwithstanding  anything  to
           the  contrary herein, the performance criteria for any
           Restricted  Stock or Stock Unit that  is  intended  to
           satisfy   the   requirements  for   "performance-based
           compensation" under Section 162(m) of the  Code  shall
           be   a   measure  based  on  one  or  more  Qualifying
           Performance  Criteria selected by  the  Committee  and
           specified  at the time the Restricted Stock  Award  is
           granted.

           (iv)     Termination  of  Employment.  The  Restricted
           Stock  or  Stock  Unit Agreement may provide  for  the
           forfeiture or cancellation of the Restricted Stock  or
           Stock  Unit Award, in whole or in part, in  the  event
           of  the  termination of employment or service  of  the
           Participant to whom it was granted.

           (v)Stock Units. Except to the extent this Plan or  the
           Committee  specifies otherwise, Stock Units  represent
           an   unfunded   and   unsecured  obligation   of   the
           Corporation and do not confer any of the rights  of  a
           stockholder   until  Shares  are  issued   thereunder.
           Settlement  of  Stock  Units upon  expiration  of  the
           deferral or vesting period shall be made in Shares  or
           otherwise  as determined by the Committee. The  number
           of  Shares,  or  other settlement  medium,  to  be  so
           distributed may be increased by an interest factor  or
           by  dividend  equivalents. Until a Stock  Unit  is  so
           settled, the number of Shares represented by  a  Stock
           Unit  shall  be  subject  to  adjustment  pursuant  to
           Section  11.  Any Stock Units that are  settled  after
           the  Participant's death shall be distributed  to  the
           Participant's designated beneficiary(ies) or, if  none
           was designated, the Participant's estate.

9. OUTSIDE DIRECTOR AWARDS

      Each  Outside  Director  may be  granted  Awards  (each  an
"Outside  Director  Award") each fiscal year  for  up  to  30,000
Shares,  as determined by the Board of Directors. Notwithstanding
anything  to the contrary in this Plan, the foregoing  limitation
shall  be  subject to adjustment under Section 11. The number  of
Shares  subject  to each Outside Director Award, or  the  formula
pursuant  to which such number shall be determined, the  type  or
types of Awards included in the Outside Director Awards, the date
of  grant  and the vesting, expiration and other terms applicable
to  such Outside Director Awards shall be specified from time  to
time  by  the  Board of Directors, subject to the terms  of  this
Plan, including the terms specified in Section 8. If the Board of
Directors  reasonably  believes  that  an  Outside  Director  has
committed  an act of misconduct as specified in Section  8(a)(v),
the  Board of Directors may suspend the Outside Director's  right
to  exercise  any Stock Option or SAR and/or the vesting  of  any
Restricted  Stock or Stock Unit Award pending a determination  of
whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the Board  of
Directors  determines that an Outside Director has  committed  an
act  of  misconduct, neither the Outside Director nor his or  her
estate  shall  be entitled to exercise any Stock  Option  or  SAR
whatsoever  and  shall forfeit any unvested Restricted  Stock  or
Stock Unit Award.

<PAGE>

10. OTHER PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS

      (a) Transferability. Unless the agreement or other document
evidencing  an Award (or an amendment thereto authorized  by  the
Committee)  expressly states that the Award  is  transferable  as
provided  hereunder, no Award granted under this  Plan,  nor  any
interest in such Award, may be sold, assigned, conveyed,  gifted,
pledged,  hypothecated  or otherwise transferred  in  any  manner
prior  to  the  vesting  or  lapse of any  and  all  restrictions
applicable thereto, other than by will or the laws of descent and
distribution.  The  Committee may grant  an  Award  or  amend  an
outstanding  Award to provide that the Award is  transferable  or
assignable  (a) in the case of a transfer without the payment  of
any consideration, to any "family member" as such term is defined
in  Section 1(a)(5) of the General Instructions to Form S-8 under
the  Securities Act of 1933, as such may be amended from time  to
time, and (b) in any transfer described in clause (ii) of Section
1(a)(5)  of the General Instructions to Form S-8 under  the  1933
Act  as  amended from time to time, provided that  following  any
such  transfer  or  assignment the Award will remain  subject  to
substantially the same terms applicable to the Award  while  held
by  the  Participant to whom it was granted, as modified  as  the
Committee shall determine appropriate, and as a condition to such
transfer the transferee shall execute an agreement agreeing to be
bound  by  such  terms; provided further,  that  an  ISO  may  be
transferred  or  assigned  only to  the  extent  consistent  with
Section  422  of the Code. Any purported assignment, transfer  or
encumbrance that does not qualify under this Section 10(a)  shall
be void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

      (b)  Qualifying Performance Criteria. For purposes of  this
Plan,  the term "Qualifying Performance Criteria" shall mean  any
one  or  more  of  the  following  performance  criteria,  either
individually,  alternatively or in any  combination,  applied  to
either  the  Corporation as a whole or  to  a  business  unit  or
Subsidiary,  either  individually,  alternatively   or   in   any
combination, and measured either annually or cumulatively over  a
period  of  years,  on an absolute basis or relative  to  a  pre-
established target, to previous years' results or to a designated
comparison  group, in each case as specified by the Committee  in
the  Award:  (a) cash flow, (b) earnings per share, (c)  earnings
before  interest, taxes and amortization, (d) return  on  equity,
(e)  total  stockholder return, (f) share price performance,  (g)
return  on  capital,  (h) return on assets  or  net  assets,  (i)
revenue,  (j) income or net income, (k) operating income  or  net
operating  income, (l) operating profit or net operating  profit,
(m)  operating margin or profit margin, (n) return  on  operating
revenue,  (o)  return  on invested capital,  (p)  market  segment
share, (q) product release schedules, (r) new product innovation,
(s) product cost reduction through advanced technology, (t) brand
recognition/acceptance, (u) product ship targets, or (v) customer
satisfaction.   The  Committee  may  appropriately   adjust   any
evaluation of performance under a Qualifying Performance Criteria
to  exclude  any  of the following events that  occurs  during  a
performance  period: (i) asset write-downs,  (ii)  litigation  or
claim  judgments or settlements, (iii) the effect of  changes  in
tax  law,  accounting principles or other such laws or provisions
affecting reported results, (iv) accruals for reorganization  and
restructuring  programs  and (v) any extraordinary  non-recurring
items as described in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No.  30
and/or  in  management's  discussion and  analysis  of  financial
condition   and   results   of  operations   appearing   in   the
Corporation's  annual report to stockholders for  the  applicable
year.

<PAGE>

Notwithstanding satisfaction of any completion of any  Qualifying
Performance  Criteria, to the extent specified  at  the  time  of
grant  of  an  Award, the number of Shares, Stock Options,  SARs,
Stock  Units or other benefits granted, issued, retainable and/or
vested  under  an  Award  on  account  of  satisfaction  of  such
Qualifying  Performance Criteria may be reduced by the  Committee
on  the basis of such further considerations as the Committee  in
its sole discretion shall determine.

      (c)  Dividends. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee,
no  adjustment shall be made in Shares issuable under  Awards  on
account  of cash dividends that may be paid or other rights  that
may  be  issued to the holders of Shares prior to their  issuance
under any Award. The Committee shall specify whether dividends or
dividend equivalent amounts shall be paid to any Participant with
respect  to the Shares subject to any Award that have not  vested
or  been  issued  or  that  are subject to  any  restrictions  or
conditions on the record date for dividends.

      (d)  Documents  Evidencing  Awards.  The  Committee  shall,
subject to applicable law, determine the date an Award is  deemed
to  be granted. The Committee or, except to the extent prohibited
under applicable law, its delegate(s) may establish the terms  of
agreements or other documents evidencing Awards under  this  Plan
and  may,  but  need  not, require as a  condition  to  any  such
agreement's  or document's effectiveness that such  agreement  or
document  be executed by the Participant, including by electronic
signature or other electronic indication of acceptance, and  that
such  Participant agree to such further terms and  conditions  as
specified  in such agreement or document. The grant of  an  Award
under  this Plan shall not confer any rights upon the Participant
holding  such  Award other than such terms, and subject  to  such
conditions, as are specified in this Plan as being applicable  to
such  type  of  Award (or to all Awards) or as are expressly  set
forth in the agreement or other document evidencing such Award.

     (e) Additional Restrictions on Awards. Either at the time an
Award is granted or by subsequent action, the Committee may,  but
need not, impose such restrictions, conditions or limitations  as
it  determines  appropriate as to the timing and  manner  of  any
resales  by  a  Participant or other subsequent  transfers  by  a
Participant  of  any  Shares  issued under  an  Award,  including
without  limitation  (a) restrictions under  an  insider  trading
policy, (b) restrictions designed to delay and/or coordinate  the
timing  and  manner of sales by the Participant or  Participants,
and  (c) restrictions as to the use of a specified brokerage firm
for such resales or other transfers.

     (f) Subsidiary Awards. In the case of a grant of an Award to
any  Participant employed by a Subsidiary, such grant may, if the
Committee so directs, be implemented by Intel issuing any subject
Shares  to the Subsidiary, for such lawful consideration  as  the
Committee may determine, upon the condition or understanding that
the  Subsidiary  will transfer the Shares to the  Participant  in
accordance with the terms of the Award specified by the Committee
pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. Notwithstanding any other
provision hereof, such Award may be issued by and in the name  of
the  Subsidiary and shall be deemed granted on such date  as  the
Committee shall determine.

<PAGE>

11. ADJUSTMENT OF AND CHANGES IN THE COMMON STOCK

      (a) The existence of outstanding Awards shall not affect in
any way the right or power of the Corporation or its shareholders
to  make  or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations,
reorganizations, exchanges, or other changes in the Corporation's
capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation
of  the Corporation or any issuance of Shares or other securities
or  subscription  rights  thereto,  or  any  issuance  of  bonds,
debentures,  preferred  or prior preference  stock  ahead  of  or
affecting  the  Shares or other securities of the Corporation  or
the  rights  thereof, or the dissolution or  liquidation  of  the
Corporation, or any sale or transfer of all or any  part  of  its
assets  or  business, or any other corporate act  or  proceeding,
whether  of a similar character or otherwise. Further, except  as
expressly  provided herein or by the Committee, (i) the  issuance
by  the Corporation of shares of stock or any class of securities
convertible  into  shares  of  stock  of  any  class,  for  cash,
property, labor or services, upon direct sale, upon the  exercise
of  rights  or warrants to subscribe therefor, or upon conversion
of shares or obligations of the Corporation convertible into such
shares  or  other securities, (ii) the payment of a  dividend  in
property  other  than  Shares, or (iii)  the  occurrence  of  any
similar  transaction, and in any case whether  or  not  for  fair
value,  shall  not  affect, and no adjustment by  reason  thereof
shall  be  made with respect to, the number of Shares subject  to
Stock Options or other Awards theretofore granted or the purchase
price  per  Share, unless the Committee shall determine,  in  its
sole discretion, that an adjustment is necessary or appropriate.

      (b)  If the outstanding Shares or other securities  of  the
Corporation, or both, for which the Award is then exercisable  or
as  to  which  the Award is to be settled shall at  any  time  be
changed  or  exchanged by declaration of a stock dividend,  stock
split,  combination  of shares, extraordinary  dividend  of  cash
and/or  assets, recapitalization, reorganization or  any  similar
event   affecting   the  Shares  or  other  securities   of   the
Corporation, the Committee may appropriately and equitably adjust
the  number  and  kind  of Shares or other securities  which  are
subject  to  this  Plan  or  subject to  any  Awards  theretofore
granted, and the exercise or settlement prices of such Awards, so
as  to  maintain  the  proportionate number of  Shares  or  other
securities  without changing the aggregate exercise or settlement
price.

     (c) No right to purchase fractional Shares shall result from
any  adjustment in Stock Options or SARs pursuant to this Section
11.  In  case of any such adjustment, the Shares subject  to  the
Stock  Option  or SAR shall be rounded down to the nearest  whole
share.

       (d)   Any   other   provision  hereof  to   the   contrary
notwithstanding (except Section 11(a)), in the event Intel  is  a
party  to  a  merger or other reorganization, outstanding  Awards
shall  be  subject to the agreement of merger or  reorganization.
Such   agreement  may  provide,  without  limitation,   for   the
assumption of outstanding Awards by the surviving corporation  or
its  parent,  for  their continuation by Intel  (if  Intel  is  a
surviving  corporation), for accelerated vesting and  accelerated
expiration, or for settlement in cash.

<PAGE>

12. LISTING OR QUALIFICATION OF COMMON STOCK

      In  the event that the Board of Directors determines in its
discretion  that  the  listing  or qualification  of  the  Shares
available for issuance under the Plan on any securities  exchange
or  quotation  or trading system or under any applicable  law  or
governmental  regulation  is necessary  as  a  condition  to  the
issuance  of  such  Shares, a Stock Option  or  SAR  may  not  be
exercised  in  whole or in part and a Restricted Stock  or  Stock
Unit  Award  shall  not vest unless such listing,  qualification,
consent or approval has been unconditionally obtained.

13. TERMINATION OR AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN

      The Board of Directors may amend, alter or discontinue  the
Plan  and  the Board or the Committee may to the extent permitted
by  the Plan amend any agreement or other document evidencing  an
Award   made  under  this  Plan,  provided,  however,  that   the
Corporation  shall submit for stockholder approval any  amendment
(other than an amendment pursuant to the adjustment provisions of
Section 11) required to be submitted for stockholder approval  by
NASDAQ or that otherwise would:

      (a)  Increase the maximum number of Shares for which Awards
may be granted under this Plan;

      (b)  Reduce the price at which Stock Options may be granted
below the price provided for in Section 8(a);

     (c) Reduce the option price of outstanding Stock Options;

     (d) Extend the term of this Plan;

     (e) Change the class of persons eligible to be Participants;
or

     (f) Increase the limits in Section 6.

      In  addition, no such amendment or alteration shall be made
which  would  impair the rights of any Participant, without  such
Participant's  consent,  under  any  Award  theretofore  granted,
provided  that no such consent shall be required with respect  to
any  amendment or alteration if the Committee determines  in  its
sole  discretion that such amendment or alteration either (i)  is
required or advisable in order for the Corporation, the  Plan  or
the  Award  to  satisfy  any law or regulation  or  to  meet  the
requirements  of  any  accounting  standard,  or  (ii)   is   not
reasonably likely to significantly diminish the benefits provided
under  such  Award,  or  that  any  such  diminishment  has  been
adequately compensated.

14. WITHHOLDING

      To  the extent required by applicable federal, state, local
or foreign law, the Committee may and/or a Participant shall make
arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation for the satisfaction
of any withholding tax obligations that arise with respect

<PAGE>

to  any  Stock Option, SAR, Restricted Stock or Stock Unit Award,
or  any sale of Shares. The Corporation shall not be required  to
issue Shares or to recognize the disposition of such Shares until
such  obligations  are  satisfied. To  the  extent  permitted  or
required  by  the Committee, these obligations may  or  shall  be
satisfied  by  having the Corporation withhold a portion  of  the
Shares  of  stock that otherwise would be issued to a Participant
under  such  Award or by tendering Shares previously acquired  by
the Participant.

15. GENERAL PROVISIONS

      (a)  Employment At Will. Neither the Plan nor the grant  of
any  Award  nor any action by the Corporation, any Subsidiary  or
the  Committee  shall be held or construed  to  confer  upon  any
person any right to be continued in the employ of the Corporation
or  a  Subsidiary. The Corporation and each Subsidiary  expressly
reserve the right to discharge, without liability but subject  to
his  or  her rights under this Plan, any Participant whenever  in
the  sole discretion of the Corporation or a Subsidiary,  as  the
case may be, its interest may so require.

      (b)  Governing Law. This Plan and any agreements  or  other
documents  hereunder  shall  be  interpreted  and  construed   in
accordance  with the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable
federal law. The Committee may provide that any dispute as to any
Award  shall  be presented and determined in such  forum  as  the
Committee may specify, including through binding arbitration. Any
reference  in  this  Plan or in the agreement or  other  document
evidencing  any  Award to a provision of law  or  to  a  rule  or
regulation shall be deemed to include any successor law, rule  or
regulation of similar effect or applicability.

      (c)  Unfunded Plan. Insofar as it provides for Awards,  the
Plan  shall  be  unfunded. Although bookkeeping accounts  may  be
established  with respect to Participants who are granted  Awards
under  this  Plan,  any such accounts will be used  merely  as  a
bookkeeping convenience. The Corporation shall not be required to
segregate  any  assets which may at any time  be  represented  by
Awards,  nor shall this Plan be construed as providing  for  such
segregation, nor shall the Corporation or the Committee be deemed
to be a trustee of stock or cash to be awarded under the Plan.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF PLAN

      Neither the adoption of this Plan by the Board of Directors
nor  the  submission  of  this Plan to the  shareholders  of  the
Corporation  for  approval  shall be construed  as  creating  any
limitations  on  the  power  of the Board  of  Directors  or  the
Committee  to adopt such other incentive arrangements  as  either
may  deem  desirable, including, without limitation, the granting
of  stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or
stock units otherwise than under this Plan, and such arrangements
may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific
cases.

<PAGE>

17. COMPLIANCE WITH OTHER LAWS AND REGULATIONS

      This Plan, the grant and exercise of Awards thereunder, and
the  obligation  of  the Corporation to sell,  issue  or  deliver
Shares  under  such  Awards, shall be subject to  all  applicable
federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations and to  such
approvals  by  any governmental or regulatory agency  as  may  be
required. The Corporation shall not be required to register in  a
Participant's name or deliver any Shares prior to the  completion
of  any  registration or qualification of such Shares  under  any
federal,  state or local law or any ruling or regulation  of  any
government  body  which  the  Committee  shall  determine  to  be
necessary  or advisable. To the extent the Corporation is  unable
to  or the Committee deems it infeasible to obtain authority from
any  regulatory  body  having jurisdiction,  which  authority  is
deemed by the Corporation's counsel to be necessary to the lawful
issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, the Corporation  shall
be relieved of any liability with respect to the failure to issue
or  sell  such Shares as to which such requisite authority  shall
not  have been obtained. No Stock Option shall be exercisable and
no  Shares  shall be issued and/or transferable under  any  other
Award  unless a registration statement with respect to the Shares
underlying  such  Stock Option is effective and  current  or  the
Corporation has determined that such registration is unnecessary.

18. LIABILITY OF CORPORATION

      The  Corporation  shall not be liable to a  Participant  or
other persons as to: (a) the non-issuance or sale of Shares as to
which  the  Corporation  has  been  unable  to  obtain  from  any
regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority deemed  by  the
Corporation's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance  and
sale  of  any  Shares  hereunder; and  (b)  any  tax  consequence
expected,  but not realized, by any Participant or  other  person
due to the receipt, exercise or settlement of any Stock Option or
other Award granted hereunder.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>eoip.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED EXECUTIVE OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.2

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                EXECUTIVE OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN
         AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE MAY 18, 2005

1. PURPOSE

      The  purpose of this amended and restated Executive Officer
Incentive  Plan  ("Incentive Plan") is  to  motivate  and  reward
eligible employees by making a portion of their cash compensation
dependent on earnings per share ("EPS") of Intel Corporation (the
"Company").  The  Incentive Plan is designed to ensure  that  the
annual  incentive  paid hereunder to executive  officers  of  the
Company is deductible without limit under Section 162(m)  of  the
Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and  the  regulations
and interpretations promulgated thereunder (the "Tax Code"). This
amended  and  restated Incentive Plan is subject  to  stockholder
approval.

2. COVERED INDIVIDUALS

      The  individuals  entitled to incentive payments  hereunder
shall be the executive officers of the Company, as determined  by
the Compensation Committee (the "Committee").

3. THE COMMITTEE

      (a)  The  Committee shall consist of at least  two  outside
directors of the Company who satisfy the requirements of  Section
162(m)  of  the  Tax  Code. The Committee  shall  have  the  sole
discretion   and  authority  to  administer  and  interpret   the
Incentive Plan in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Tax Code.

      (b)  Subject to the express provisions and limitations  set
forth  in  the Incentive Plan, the Committee shall be  authorized
and  empowered  to do all things necessary or desirable,  in  its
sole  discretion,  in connection with the administration  of  the
Incentive Plan, including, without limitation, the following:

           (i)To   prescribe,   amend  and  rescind   rules   and
           regulations  relating  to the Incentive  Plan  and  to
           define terms not otherwise defined herein;

           (ii)      To  determine  which  covered  persons   are
           eligible  to be paid incentives and to which  of  such
           participants,   if  any,  incentives   hereunder   are
           actually paid;

           (iii)   To verify the Company's EPS and the extent  to
           which  the Company has satisfied any other performance
           goals  or  other conditions applicable to the  payment
           of incentives under the Incentive Plan;

           (iv)     To  prescribe  and amend  the  terms  of  any
           agreements  or  other  documents under  the  Incentive
           Plan (which need not be identical);

<PAGE>

           (v)To  determine  whether, and the  extent  to  which,
           adjustments are required pursuant to Section 4;

           (vi)     To interpret and construe the Incentive Plan,
           any  rules  and regulations under the Incentive  Plan,
           and   the   terms  and  conditions  of  any  incentive
           opportunities   provided  hereunder,   and   to   make
           exceptions  to any such provisions in good  faith  and
           for the benefit of the Company; and

           (vii)     To  make  all  other  determinations  deemed
           necessary or advisable for the administration  of  the
           Incentive Plan.

     (c) All decisions, determinations and interpretations by the
Committee regarding the Incentive Plan shall be final and binding
on  all  covered  individuals  who  are  participants  under  the
Incentive Plan. The Committee shall consider such factors  as  it
deems  relevant  to  making  such decisions,  determinations  and
interpretations     including,    without     limitation,     the
recommendations or advice of any director, officer or employee of
the Company and such attorneys, consultants and accountants as it
may  select.  A covered individual or other person  claiming  any
benefits  under  the  Incentive Plan may contest  a  decision  or
action  by the Committee with respect to such person or an actual
or  potential  incentive under the Incentive  Plan  only  on  the
grounds  that such decision or action was arbitrary or capricious
or  was unlawful, and any review of such decision or action shall
be  limited  to determining whether the Committee's  decision  or
action was arbitrary or capricious or was unlawful.

4. AMOUNT OF INCENTIVE

      Incentive payments are made in cash. The maximum  incentive
payment  is  the product of (i) an individual incentive  baseline
amount in dollars for the performance period set by the Committee
in   writing  and  (ii)  the  numerical  value  of  EPS  for  the
performance  period  multiplied by  a  factor  (the  "Performance
Factor") that is set by the Committee in its sole discretion  and
is  in  writing.  The term "performance period"  shall  mean  the
period  for which the incentive is payable. For this calculation,
the  term "EPS" shall mean the greater of operating income or net
income  per weighted average common shares outstanding,  assuming
dilution,  for  the performance period, in each  case  adjustable
based   upon  qualifying  objective  criteria  selected  by   the
Committee in its sole discretion within the period prescribed  by
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Such criteria may include, but
are   not   limited  to  asset  write-downs;  acquisition-related
charges;   litigation,  claim  judgments,  settlements   or   tax
settlements;  the  effects of changes  in  tax  law,  changes  in
accounting principles or other such laws or provisions  affecting
reported  results; accruals for reorganization and  restructuring
programs;  unrealized  gains or losses on  investments;  and  any
extraordinary  non-recurring items  as  described  in  Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 30 and/or in management's discussion
and  analysis  of financial condition and results  of  operations
appearing in the annual report to stockholders for the applicable
year.  The  individual incentive baseline amount, the Performance
Factor  and the EPS definition shall be adopted by the  Committee
in its sole discretion with respect to each performance period no
later than the latest time permitted by the Tax Code. However, no
incentive in excess of

<PAGE>

$5,000,000  will  be  paid  to  any  executive  officer  for  any
performance  period. In its sole discretion,  the  Committee  may
also  reduce,  but  may  not increase, an individual's  incentive
calculated under the preceding formula. In determining the amount
of  any  reduced incentive, the Committee reserves the  right  to
apply  subjective, discretionary criteria to determine a  revised
incentive amount. The incentive payable hereunder shall  be  paid
in  lieu of any incentive payable under the Company's broad-based
variable cash incentive program.

5. PAYMENT OF INCENTIVE

      The  payment of an incentive for a given performance period
requires  that the executive officer be on the Company's  payroll
as  of the last day of the performance period. The Committee  may
make  exceptions to this requirement in the case  of  retirement,
death  or disability, as determined by the Committee in its  sole
discretion.  No  incentive shall be paid  unless  and  until  the
Committee makes a certification in writing as required to satisfy
the  conditions  for exemption under Section 162(m)  of  the  Tax
Code.

6. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

      The  Company reserves the right to amend or terminate  this
Incentive  Plan  at any time with respect to future  services  of
covered individuals. Incentive Plan amendments may be adopted  by
the Board of Directors or the Committee as defined in Section  3,
and will require stockholder approval only to the extent required
to  satisfy the conditions for exemption under Section 162(m)  of
the Tax Code or otherwise.

7. TAX WITHHOLDING

      The  Company shall have the right to make all  payments  or
distributions  pursuant to the Incentive Plan to  a  participant,
net of any applicable federal, state and local taxes required  to
be paid or withheld. The Company shall have the right to withhold
from wages or other amounts otherwise payable to such participant
such withholding taxes as may be required by law, or to otherwise
require  the  participant to pay such withholding taxes.  If  the
participant shall fail to make such tax payments as are required,
the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right
to  deduct  any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise
due  to  such participant or to take such other action as may  be
necessary to satisfy such withholding obligations.

8. SEVERABILITY

      If  any  provision  of the Incentive  Plan  shall  be  held
unlawful  or  otherwise invalid or unenforceable in whole  or  in
part  by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision  shall
(a)  be deemed limited to the extent that such court of competent
jurisdiction deems it lawful, valid and/or enforceable and as  so
limited shall remain in full force and effect, and (b) not affect
any  other provision of the Incentive Plan or part thereof,  each
of  which shall remain in full force and effect. If the making of
any  payment  or the provision of any other benefit provided  for
under  the  Incentive  Plan shall be held unlawful  or  otherwise
invalid  or  unenforceable by a court of competent  jurisdiction,
such

<PAGE>

unlawfulness,  invalidity or unenforceability shall  not  prevent
any  other  payment or benefit from being made or provided  under
the  Incentive Plan, and if the making of any payment in full  or
the  provision  of  any  other benefit  provided  for  under  the
Incentive Plan in full would be unlawful or otherwise invalid  or
unenforceable,    then   such   unlawfulness,    invalidity    or
unenforceability shall not prevent such payment or  benefit  from
being  made or provided in part, to the extent that it would  not
be unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, and the maximum payment or
benefit  that  would  not be unlawful, invalid  or  unenforceable
shall be made or provided under the Incentive Plan.

9. NON-ASSIGNABILITY

       Unless  the  Committee  expressly  states  otherwise,   no
participant in the Incentive Plan may sell, assign, convey, gift,
pledge   or  otherwise  hypothecate  or  alienate  any  incentive
opportunity or amounts determined by the Committee to be  payable
under  the  Incentive  Plan,  until such  amounts  (if  any)  are
actually paid.

10. NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF PLAN

      Neither the adoption of the Incentive Plan by the Board  of
Directors  nor  the  submission of  the  Incentive  Plan  to  the
stockholders  of the Company for approval shall be  construed  as
creating  any limitations on the power of the Board of  Directors
or  the  Committee to adopt such other incentive arrangements  as
either may deem desirable, including, without limitation, cash or
equity-based   compensation   arrangements,   either   tied    to
performance or otherwise, and any such other arrangements as  may
be  either  generally applicable or applicable only  in  specific
cases.

11. EMPLOYMENT AT WILL

      Neither  the  Incentive Plan, selection of a  person  as  a
covered person eligible to be paid incentives under the Incentive
Plan  nor  the payment of any incentive to any participant  under
the Incentive Plan nor any action by the Company or the Committee
shall be held or construed to confer upon any person any right to
be  continued in the employ of the Company. The Company expressly
reserves the right to discharge any participant whenever  in  the
sole discretion of the Company its interest may so require.

12. NO VESTED INTEREST OR RIGHT

      At  no time before the actual payout of an incentive to any
participant under the Incentive Plan shall any participant accrue
any vested interest or right whatsoever under the Incentive Plan,
and   the   Company  has  no  obligation  to  treat  participants
identically under the Incentive Plan.

13. GOVERNING LAW

       The  Incentive  Plan  and  any  agreements  and  documents
hereunder  shall be interpreted and construed in accordance  with
the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal law. The
Committee  may provide that any dispute concerning the  Incentive
Plan  shall  be  presented and determined in such  forum  as  the
Committee may specify, including through binding arbitration.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
