-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Vq4cDFk5+bG45ivXW5HWLT1EEoeWssFFcjCS+hmYWVgvwhmpOU1Z0vReFQ4tu6/R
 8X7iQ9MUnFnn77rvdVrIjg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000050863-06-000126.txt : 20060706
<SEC-HEADER>0000050863-06-000126.hdr.sgml : 20060706
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060706172719
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000050863-06-000126
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		25
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060706
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060706
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060706

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				941672743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06217
		FILM NUMBER:		06948956

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087658080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		STREET 2:		RN6-27
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052-8119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                      ____________________

                            FORM 8-K

                         CURRENT REPORT
             Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the
                 Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                Date of Report:  July 6, 2006
                (Date of earliest event reported)

                        INTEL CORPORATION
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


      Delaware               000-06217             94-1672743
   (State or other          (Commission          (IRS Employer
    jurisdiction
  of incorporation)         File Number)      Identification No.)

  2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara,         95054-1549
                 California
  (Address of principal executive offices)         (Zip Code)

                         (408) 765-8080
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check  the  appropriate  box below if  the  Form  8-K  filing  is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation  of  the
registrant  under  any of the following provisions  (see  General
Instruction A.2. below):

[  ]  Written  communications pursuant  to  Rule  425  under  the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

[  ]  Soliciting  material  pursuant to  Rule  14a-12  under  the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to  Rule  14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to  Rule  13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

     On  July 6, 2006, the Compensation Committee of the Board
     of   Directors  of  Intel  Corporation  (the  "Corporation")
     approved  the  form of restricted stock unit agreements  and
     stock  option  agreements  to be  used  in  connection  with
     standard grants of restricted stock units ("RSUs") and stock
     options to U.S employees and non-U.S. employees on a  broad-
     based   basis   ("Standard  Awards"),  including   executive
     officers  of  the  Corporation.  The Compensation  Committee
     also  approved the form of RSU agreements and  stock  option
     agreements  to  be used in connection with  RSU  grants  and
     stock  option grants to executive officers pursuant  to  the
     Corporation's  Executive Long Term  Stock  Program  ("ELTSOP
     Awards").

     Standard   Awards  and  ELTSOP  Awards  are  incentive   and
     retention   awards   made  pursuant  to  the   Corporation's
     stockholder-approved 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the  "2006
     Plan").   There  is  no  material relationship  between  the
     Corporation and recipients of ELTSOP Awards, other  than  in
     respect of their employment with the Corporation.

     The  forms of Standard Awards for U.S and non-U.S. employees
     set forth the terms and conditions of RSUs and stock options
     granted  pursuant  to  the 2006 Plan and  the  Corporation's
     standard RSU and stock option programs.  The forms of ELTSOP
     Awards  for U.S. and non-U.S. employees set forth the  terms
     and conditions of RSUs and stock options granted pursuant to
     the  2006  Plan and the Corporation's ELTSOP RSU  and  stock
     option programs.

     The  following description is qualified by reference to  the
     terms  of  the  forms  of RSU agreements  and  stock  option
     agreements (for Standard Awards and ELTSOP Awards)  and  the
     Notice of Grant, copies of which are filed with this Form 8-
     K,  and  to the terms of the 2006 Plan, a copy of which  was
     filed  as  exhibit 10.1 to the Corporation's Form 8-K  dated
     May 22, 2006.

     Standard Awards and ELTSOP Awards of RSUs and stock  options
     are  subject  to  administration and interpretation  by  the
     committee  of the Board of Directors designated pursuant  to
     the  plan, or by its delegate. Unvested Standard Awards  and
     ELTSOP  Awards  are cancelled as of the date  of  employment
     termination as set forth in the form of RSU and stock option
     agreements.   Vested stock options expire  after  employment
     termination  as  set  forth  in the  form  of  stock  option
     agreements.   Standard Awards typically  vest  25%  annually
     beginning one year after the date of grant and ELTSOP Awards
     typically  vest  100% five years after the  date  of  grant,
     subject  to  accelerated vesting upon death and Disablement.
     Standard Awards, but not ELTSOP Awards, are also subject  to
     accelerated  vesting  upon  Retirement.   If  employment  is
     terminated  due  to misconduct, Standard Awards  and  ELTSOP
     Awards will be cancelled, such that RSUs will not convert to
     shares  of  common  stock  and stock  options  will  not  be
     exercisable.   Until shares are issued for  vested  RSUs  or
     exercised  stock options, Standard Awards and ELTSOP  Awards
     do not provide recipients any rights of


<PAGE>
     a stockholder and do
     not  accrue dividend equivalent rights.  Standard and ELTSOP
     Awards  of  RSUs are not transferable.  Standard and  ELTSOP
     Awards of stock options are transferable at death by will or
     the  laws  of  descent and distribution or by  gift  to  the
     permitted   transferees  identified  in  the  stock   option
     agreement.  Where applicable, the Corporation uses  country-
     specific  RSU  and stock option agreements  to  comply  with
     local laws.



Item 9.01      Financial Statements and Exhibits.

          (d)  Exhibits.

               The following exhibits are filed as part
               of this Report:

  Exhibit
  Number    Description

  10.1**    Standard  Terms and Conditions relating to Restricted
            Stock  Units granted to U.S. employees on  and  after
            May  17, 2006 under the Intel Corporation 2006 Equity
            Incentive   Plan  (for  grants  under  the   standard
            program)

  10.2**    Standard   International   Restricted   Stock    Unit
            Agreement  under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (for
            grants  under  the  standard program  after  May  17,
            2006)

  10.3**    Standard   International   Restricted   Stock    Unit
            Agreement  under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (for
            grants  under  the  standard program  after  May  17,
            2006) (Requiring Electronic Signature)

  10.4**    Standard   International   Restricted   Stock    Unit
            Agreement  under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (for
            grants  under  the  standard program  after  May  17,
            2006) (Requiring Signature)

  10.5**    Standard   International   Restricted   Stock    Unit
            Agreement  under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (for
            grants in Japan under the standard program after  May
            17, 2006)

  10.6**    Standard   International   Restricted   Stock    Unit
            Agreement  under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (for
            grants  in  Belgium under the standard program  after
            May 17, 2006)

  10.7**    Terms  and  Conditions relating to  Restricted  Stock
            Units  granted  on  and after May 17,  2006  to  U.S.
            employees  under  the Intel Corporation  2006  Equity
            Incentive Plan (for grants under the ELTSOP Program)

<PAGE>

  10.8**    International  Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  under
            the  2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants under the
            ELTSOP program after May 17, 2006)

  10.9**    International  Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  under
            the  2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants under the
            ELTSOP   program  after  May  17,  2006)   (Requiring
            Electronic Signature)

  10.10**   International  Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  under
            the  2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants under the
            ELTSOP   program  after  May  17,  2006)   (Requiring
            Signature)

  10.11**   International  Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  under
            the  2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants under the
            ELTSOP program in Japan after May 17, 2006)

  10.12**   International  Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  under
            the  2006  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (for  grants   in
            Belgium under the ELTSOP program after May 17, 2006)

  10.13**   Form of Notice of Grant - Restricted Stock Units

  10.14**   Standard  Terms  and  Conditions  relating  to   Non-
            Qualified Stock Options granted to U.S. employees  on
            and  after  May 17, 2006 under the Intel  Corporation
            2006  Equity  Incentive Plan (for  grants  under  the
            standard program)

  10.15**   Standard  International  Nonqualified  Stock   Option
            Agreement  under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (for
            grants  under  the  standard program  after  May  17,
            2006)

  10.16**   Standard  International  Nonqualified  Stock   Option
            Agreement  under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (for
            grants  under  the  standard program  after  May  17,
            2006) (Requiring Electronic Signature)

  10.17**   Standard  International  Nonqualified  Stock   Option
            Agreement  under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (for
            grants  under  the  standard program  after  May  17,
            2006) (Requiring Signature)

  10.18**   Standard  International  Nonqualified  Stock   Option
            Agreement  under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (for
            grants in Japan under the standard program after  May
            17, 2006)

  10.19**   Terms  and Conditions relating to Nonqualified  Stock
            Options  granted to U.S. employees on and  after  May
            17,  2006  under  the Intel Corporation  2006  Equity
            Incentive Plan (for grants under the ELTSOP Program)


<PAGE>

  10.20**   International  Nonqualified  Stock  Option  Agreement
            under  the  2006  Equity Incentive Plan  (for  grants
            after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP Program)

  10.21**   International  Nonqualified  Stock  Option  Agreement
            under  the  2006  Equity Incentive Plan  (for  grants
            after   May  17,  2006  under  the  ELTSOP   Program)
            (Requiring Electronic Signature)

  10.22**   International  Nonqualified  Stock  Option  Agreement
            under  the  2006  Equity Incentive Plan  (for  grants
            after   May  17,  2006  under  the  ELTSOP   Program)
            (Requiring Signature)

  10.23**   International  Nonqualified  Stock  Option  Agreement
            under  the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants  in
            Japan after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP Program)

  10.24**   Form of Notice of Grant - Nonqualified Stock Options



**  Compensation  plans or arrangements in which executive  officers
are eligible to participate.
<PAGE>



                           SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                 INTEL CORPORATION
                                 (Registrant)


                                 By:  /s/ Cary I. Klafter
                                      ------------------
                                      Cary I. Klafter
Date:  July 6, 2006                  Secretary


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1
<TEXT>


                                                     Exhibit 10.1

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                   2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO RESTRICTED STOCK  UNITS
GRANTED  ON  AND  AFTER MAY 17, 2006 UNDER THE INTEL  CORPORATION
2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN  (standard RSU program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     Unless provided otherwise in the Notice of Grant, these
     standard terms and conditions ("Standard Terms") apply to
     Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") granted to you, a U.S.
     employee, under the Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive
     Plan (the "2006 Plan").  Your Notice of Grant, these
     Standard Terms and the 2006 Plan constitute the entire
     understanding between you and Intel Corporation (the
     "Corporation") regarding the RSUs identified in your Notice
     of Grant.

2.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in these Standard Terms.  If a vesting date falls
     on a weekend or any other day on which the Nasdaq Stock
     Market ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on
     the next following NASDAQ business day.  The number of
     shares of Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified
     in the Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits
     and similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and these Standard
     Terms.  If your status as an Employee terminates for any
     reason except death, Disablement (defined below) or
     Retirement (defined below), prior to the vesting dates set
     forth in your Notice of Grant, your unvested RSUs will be
     cancelled.

3.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 10 of these Standard
     Terms and you have completed, signed and returned any
     documents and taken

<PAGE>

     any additional action that the
     Corporation deems appropriate to enable it to accomplish the
     delivery of the shares of Common Stock.  The shares of
     Common Stock will be issued in your name (or may be issued
     to your executor or personal representative, in the event of
     your death or Disablement), and may be effected by recording
     shares on the stock records of the Corporation or by
     crediting shares in an account established on your behalf
     with a brokerage firm or other custodian, in each case as
     determined by the Corporation.  In no event will the
     Corporation be obligated to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any federal, state or other applicable laws
     and/or may issue shares subject to any restrictive legends
     that, as determined by the Corporation's counsel, is
     necessary to comply with securities or other regulatory
     requirements, and (ii) the date on which shares are issued
     may include a delay in order to provide the Corporation such
     time as it determines appropriate to address tax withholding
     and other administrative matters.

4.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
          Terms, if you take a personal leave of absence under the
          Intel Leave Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest
          only to the extent and during the times specified in
          this Section 4:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
               days:

               a.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant
                    for any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have
                    vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                    first day that you return to work (i.e., the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated) or, if you return on
                    a day that the NASDAQ is not open, the next following
                    NASDAQ business day; and

               b.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by
                    the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant
               for any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA shall
               be deferred beyond the dates set forth in the Notice of
               Grant by a period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

          (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates set
               forth in clause
<PAGE>

               (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 4, any
               RSUs that had not vested prior to the commencement of the
               PLOA shall be cancelled as of the date of your termination of
               employment, as applicable, except to the extent provided
               otherwise in Sections 7 through 9 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

5.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8. (a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8. (a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

6.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
     Terms, if your employment by the Corporation terminates for
     any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     on account of death, Disablement (defined below) or
     Retirement (defined below), all RSUs not then vested shall
     be cancelled on the date of employment termination,
     regardless of whether such employment termination is as a
     result of a divestiture or otherwise.   For purposes of this
     Section 6, your employment with any partnership, joint
     venture or corporation not meeting the requirements of a
     Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a Subsidiary is a
     party shall be considered employment for purposes of this
     provision if either (a) the entity is designated by the
     Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision or
     (b) you are specifically designated as an employee of a
     Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

<PAGE>

     For  purposes  of  this provision, your  employment  is  not
     deemed  terminated if, prior to sixty (60)  days  after  the
     date  of  termination from the Corporation or a  Subsidiary,
     you  are  rehired  by the Corporation or a Subsidiary  on  a
     basis  that  would  make you eligible for future  Intel  RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to  any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from  a
     Subsidiary  to  the Corporation be deemed a  termination  of
     employment.


7.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
     Terms, if you die while employed by the Corporation, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

8.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
     Terms, if your employment terminates as a result of
     Disablement, your RSUs will become one hundred percent
     (100%) vested upon the later of the date of your termination
     of employment due to your Disablement or the date of
     determination of your Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 8, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

9.   RETIREMENT

     For purposes of these Standard Terms, "Retirement" shall
     mean either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the
     Rule of 75 (as defined below).  Upon your Retirement,
     vesting of your RSUs shall be accelerated to the extent
     provided in Section 9(a) or Section 9(b) below (but not to
     the extent provided under both provisions together),
     whichever results in the greater number of RSUs vesting:

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within a number of
          whole years from the date of your Retirement determined by
          dividing the number of years that you have been employed by
          the Corporation (measured in complete, whole years) by five (5),
          rounded down to the nearest whole number of years, shall vest as
          of the date of your Retirement. No vesting acceleration shall
          occur for any periods of employment of less than five (5) years;
          or

<PAGE>


     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the Corporation, your
          age plus years of service (in each case measured in complete,
          whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of 75"), then all RSUs
          that were scheduled to vest within one year of the date of your
          Retirement shall vest as of the date of your Retirement.

10.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value on
     the date of vesting.  To the extent required by applicable
     federal, state or other law, you shall make arrangements
     satisfactory to the Corporation for the payment and
     satisfaction of any income tax, social security tax, payroll
     tax, or payment on account of other tax related to
     withholding obligations that arise by reason of vesting of a
     RSU and, if applicable, any sale of shares of the Common
     Stock.  The Corporation shall not be required to issue or
     lift any restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of
     shares of the Common Stock until such obligations are
     satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 10 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

<PAGE>


11.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER AND RESTRICTIONS

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     these Standard Terms.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any
     rights of a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no
     voting or dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs
     shall remain terminable pursuant to these Standard Terms at
     all times until they vest and convert into shares.  As a
     condition to having the right to receive shares of Common
     Stock pursuant to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested
     RSUs shall have no value for purposes of any aspect of your
     employment relationship with the Corporation.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Standard
     Terms or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are
     subject to reduction by the Corporation if you change your
     employment classification from a full-time employee to a
     part-time employee.

     RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
     the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
     compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes,
     including for purposes of computing severance pay or other
     termination compensation or indemnity.

12.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of these Standard
     Terms, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan, any
     adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under the Standard Terms, your
     Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be
     determined by the Committee (including any person(s) to whom
     the Committee has delegated its authority) in its sole and
     absolute discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall
     be final and binding unless determined pursuant to Section
     14(f) to have been arbitrary and capricious.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

14.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

<PAGE>


     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in these Standard Terms are
          defined in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments
          or negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by these
          Standard Terms and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby
          acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made
          available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of these Standard Terms,
          if any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules
          applicable to the RSUs covered by these Standard Terms shall
          occur which, in the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an
          adverse effect on the reported earnings, assets or liabilities
          of the Corporation, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
          modify these Standard Terms or cancel and cause a forfeiture with
          respect to any unvested RSUs at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in these Standard Terms creates or implies
          an employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.



(e)  Notwithstanding any provision of these Standard Terms, the
          Notice of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 14(e) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance

<PAGE>

          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

      (f) Because these Standard Terms relate to terms and conditions
          under which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of these
          Standard Terms is that it shall be governed by the laws of the
          State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding
          relating to these Standard Terms or the RSUs granted hereunder
          shall be brought in the state or federal courts of competent
          jurisdiction in the State of California.

     (g)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh102.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2
<TEXT>

                                                       Exhibit 10.2

                         INTEL CORPORATION
                  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
               UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
    (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the standard RSU
                             program)

1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This  Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"),  the
     Notice of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of Grant") and
     the  Intel  Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the  "2006
     Plan"),  as  such may be amended from time to time, constitute
     the  entire  understanding between you and  Intel  Corporation
     (the  "Corporation")  regarding  the  Restricted  Stock  Units
     ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs shall
     vest and be converted into the right to receive the number of
     shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001 par value (the
     "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of Grant with respect
     to such vesting date, except as otherwise provided in this
     Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a weekend or any other
     day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market ("NASDAQ") is not open,
     affected RSUs shall vest on the next following NASDAQ business
     day.  The number of shares of Common Stock into which RSUs
     convert as specified in the Notice of Grant shall be adjusted
     for stock splits and similar matters as specified in and
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.  If
     your status as an Employee terminates for any reason except
     death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement (defined
     below), prior to the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of
     Grant, your unvested RSUs will be cancelled.

3.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 10 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents and
     taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative,

<PAGE>

     in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in an
     account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm or
     other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated to
     issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock during
     any period when the Corporation determines that the conversion
     of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder would violate any
     laws of the United States or your country of residence or
     employment and/or may issue shares subject to any restrictive
     legends that, as determined by the Corporation's counsel, is
     necessary to comply with securities or other regulatory
     requirements, and (ii) the date on which shares are issued may
     include a delay in order to provide the Corporation such time
     as it determines appropriate to address tax withholding and
     other administrative matters.

4.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
          you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent and
          during the times specified in this Section 4:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have
                    vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the first
                    day that you return to work (i.e., the date that the PLOA
                    is terminated) or, if you return on a day that the NASDAQ
                    is not open, the next following NASDAQ business day; and

               b.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by
                    the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant for
               any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA shall be
               deferred beyond the dates set forth in the Notice of Grant
               by a period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

          (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates set
               forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 4, any
               RSUs that had not vested prior to the commencement of the
               PLOA shall be cancelled as of the date of your termination
               of employment, as applicable, except to the extent provided
               otherwise in Sections 7 through 9 hereof.

<PAGE>


     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

5.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of the
     Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8. (a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that you
     have committed an act of misconduct as described in Section 8.
     (a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty,
     nonpayment of any obligation owed to the Corporation, breach
     of fiduciary duty or deliberate disregard of Corporation rules
     resulting in loss, damage or injury to the Corporation, an
     unauthorized disclosure of any Corporation trade secret or
     confidential information, any conduct constituting unfair
     competition, inducing any customer to breach a contract with
     the Corporation or inducing any principal for whom the
     Corporation acts as agent to terminate such agency
     relationship), the vesting of your RSUs may be suspended
     pending a determination of whether an act of misconduct has
     been committed. If the Corporation determines that you have
     committed an act of misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the
     date the Corporation was notified that you may have committed
     an act of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor
     any beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or an
     Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

6.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any reason,
     whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on account of
     death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement (defined
     below), all RSUs not then vested shall be cancelled on the
     date of employment termination, regardless of whether such
     employment termination is as a result of a divestiture or
     otherwise.   For purposes of this Section 6, your employment
     with any partnership, joint venture or corporation not meeting
     the requirements of a Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary is a party shall be considered employment for
     purposes of this provision if either (a) an the entity is
     designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of
     this provision or (b) you are specifically designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

     For  purposes of this provision, your employment is not deemed
     terminated  if,  prior to sixty (60) days after  the  date  of
     termination  from  the Corporation or a  Subsidiary,  you  are
     rehired  by  the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a  basis  that
     would make you eligible for future Intel RSU grants, nor would
     your  transfer from the Corporation to any Subsidiary or  from
     any  one  Subsidiary to another, or from a Subsidiary  to  the
     Corporation be deemed a termination of employment.


<PAGE>


7.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

8.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 8, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures of
     the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by the
     Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in the
     event you are not a participant in a then-current Long Term
     Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the same
     meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long Term
     Disability Plan, which is generally a physical condition
     arising from an illness or injury, which renders an individual
     incapable of performing work in any occupation, as determined
     by the Corporation.

9.   RETIREMENT

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" shall mean either
     Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the Rule of 75 (as
     defined below).  Upon your Retirement, vesting of your RSUs
     shall be accelerated to the extent provided in Section 9(a) or
     Section 9(b) below (but not to the extent provided under both
     provisions together), whichever results in the greater number
     of RSUs vesting:

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"), then
          all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within a number of whole
          years from the date of your Retirement determined by dividing
          the number of years that you have been employed by the
          Corporation (measured in complete, whole years) by five (5),
          rounded down to the nearest whole number of years, shall vest
          as of the date of your Retirement. No vesting acceleration
          shall occur for any periods of employment of less than five

          (5) years; or


     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the entire Corporation,
          your age plus years of service (in each case measured in
          complete, whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of 75"),
          then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within one year of
          the date of your Retirement shall vest as of the date of
          your Retirement.

10.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in

<PAGE>

     accordance with the
     existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006 Plan)
     for the payment and satisfaction of any income tax, social
     security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable national
     or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax related to
     withholding obligations that arise by reason of granting of a
     RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of the Common
     Stock (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these obligations
     will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding a number of
     shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be issued under
     the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a Market Value
     sufficient to meet the tax withholding obligations.  In the
     event that the Committee provides that these obligations will
     not be satisfied under the method described in the previous
     sentence, you authorize UBS Financial Services Inc., or any
     successor plan administrator, to sell a number of shares of
     Common Stock that are issued under the RSUs, which the
     Corporation determines is sufficient to generate an amount
     that meets the tax withholding obligations plus additional
     shares to account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to
     pay such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may
     be sold as part of a block trade with other participants of
     the 2006 Plan in which all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated as
     the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs vest.
     The future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is
     unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any action
     the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to this
     Section 10 with respect to any tax withholding obligations
     that arise in connection with the RSUs. The Corporation makes
     no representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of
     any tax withholding in connection with the grant, issuance,
     vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of
     any of the shares of Common Stock underlying the RSUs that
     vest. The Corporation does not commit and is under no
     obligation to structure the RSU program to reduce or eliminate
     your tax liability.

11.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to

<PAGE>

     transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise dispose
     of your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be void and
     unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares of
     the Common Stock have been issued to you following vesting of
     your RSUs and satisfaction of all other conditions to the
     issuance of those shares as set forth in this Agreement.  RSUs
     shall not entitle you to any rights of a stockholder of Common
     Stock and there are no voting or dividend rights with respect
     to your RSUs.  RSUs shall remain terminable pursuant to this
     Agreement at all times until they vest and convert into
     shares.  As a condition to having the right to receive shares
     of Common Stock pursuant to your RSUs, you acknowledge that
     unvested RSUs shall have no value for purposes of any aspect
     of your employment relationship with the Corporation.

12.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this Agreement,
     your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan, any
     adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by the
     Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee has
     delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute discretion.
     Such decision by the Committee shall be final and binding
     unless determined pursuant to Section 15(e) to have been
     arbitrary and capricious.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

14.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly  and unambiguously consent to the  collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in  electronic or  other  form,  of  your
     personal data as described in this document by the Corporation
     for  the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing your participation in the 2006 Plan.

     You  hereby  understand  that the  Corporation  holds  certain
     personal information about you, including, but not limited to,
     your  name, home address and telephone number, date of  birth,
     social   insurance  number  or  other  identification  number,
     salary,  nationality,  job  title,  any  shares  of  stock  or
     directorships held in the Corporation, details of all RSUs  or
     any  other  entitlement to shares of stock awarded,  canceled,
     exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor,  for
     the  purpose  of implementing, administering and managing  the
     2006  Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that Data  may  be
     transferred   to   any   third  parties   assisting   in   the
     implementation,  administration and  management  of  the  2006
     Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country  or
     elsewhere, and that the recipient's country may have different
     data  privacy  laws  and protections than your  country.   You
     hereby  understand that you may request a list with the

<PAGE>

     names
     and  addresses  of any potential recipients  of  the  Data  by
     contacting  your  local human resources  representative.   You
     authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain  and
     transfer  the  Data,  in electronic or  other  form,  for  the
     purposes  of  implementing, administering  and  managing  your
     participation  in  the  2006  Plan,  including  any  requisite
     transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or  other
     third  party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares  of
     Common  Stock acquired under your RSUs.  You hereby understand
     that  Data  will  be  held only as long  as  is  necessary  to
     implement,  administer and manage your  participation  in  the
     2006  Plan.  You hereby understand that you may, at any  time,
     view  Data,  request additional information about the  storage
     and  processing of Data, require any necessary  amendments  to
     Data  or  refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any  case
     without  cost,  by  contacting in  writing  your  local  human
     resources  representative.   You hereby  understand,  however,
     that  refusing  or withdrawing your consent  may  affect  your
     ability to participate in the 2006 Plan.  For more information
     on  the  consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal
     of  consent,  you hereby understand that you may  contact  the
     human resources representative responsible for your country at
     the local or regional level.

15.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined
          in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this Agreement
          and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby acknowledge that a copy of
          the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any
          changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable to the
          RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the sole
          judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs at
          the time of such determination.

<PAGE>


     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may rely.
          (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State of
          Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of Delaware or
          other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to
          this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be brought in
          the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction in the State
          of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or
          the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to reduction
          by the Corporation if you change your employment classification
          from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected compensation,
          or other remuneration for any purposes, including for purposes of
          computing severance pay or other termination compensation or
          indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or entitlement
          to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of your
          RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or Common Stock acquired
          through vested RSUs resulting from termination of your active
          employment by the Corporation (for any reason whatsoever and
          whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you hereby
          release the Corporation from any such claim that may arise; if,
          notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court
          of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then you shall be deemed
          irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim.
          (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan, if
          any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer
          actively employed and will not be extended by any notice period
          mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would not include
          a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant to local
          law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary termination of
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to sell shares of Common Stock that converted from vested
          RSUs after termination of employment, if any, will be measured by
          the date of termination of your active employment and will not be
          extended by any notice period mandated under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice of
          Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time of your
          termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are a
          "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the
<PAGE>

          payments or benefits
          received or to be received by you pursuant to the RSUs would
          constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, no such
          payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs until the
          earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months after  your
          "separation from service" for any reason, other than death or
          "disability" (as such terms are used in Section 409A(a)(2) of the
          Code), (B) the date of your death or "disability" (as such term is
          used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of the Code) or (C) the effective
          date of a "change in the ownership or effective control" of the
          Corporation (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of
          the Code).  The provisions of this Section 15(j) shall only apply
          to the extent required to avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax
          or interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or
          Treasury guidance promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any
          provision of the RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or
          interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or
          Treasury guidance promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may
          reform such provision to maintain to the maximum extent practicable
          the original intent of the applicable provision without violating
          the provisions of Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest quarterly
          report are available, without charge, at the Corporation's business
          office.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh103.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3
<TEXT>

                                                     Exhibit 10.3

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
   (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the standard RSU
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"), the
     Notice  of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of  Grant")
     and  the  Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the
     "2006  Plan"),  as such may be amended from  time  to  time,
     constitute  the entire understanding between you  and  Intel
     Corporation  (the  "Corporation") regarding  the  Restricted
     Stock Units ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If you fail to electronically sign this Agreement within 180
     days  of the Grant Date, the RSUs subject to your Notice  of
     Grant  will  be  cancelled,  except  as  determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.

3.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in the
     Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits and
     similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.
     If your status as an Employee terminates for any reason
     except death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement
     (defined below), prior to the vesting dates set forth in
     your Notice of Grant, your unvested RSUs will be cancelled.

<PAGE>


4.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 11 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in
     an account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm
     or other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated
     to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any laws of the United States or your country
     of residence or employment and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the
     date on which shares are issued may include a delay in order
     to provide the Corporation such time as it determines
     appropriate to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
          you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent and
          during the times specified in this Section 5:

           (1) If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have vested
                    during the PLOA shall be deferred until the first day
                    that you return to work (i.e., the date that the PLOA
                    is terminated) or, if you return on a day that the NASDAQ
                    is not open, the next following NASDAQ business day; and

               b.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by the
                    PLOA.

<PAGE>


           (2) If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant for
               any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA shall be
               deferred beyond the dates set forth in the Notice of Grant
               by a period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

          (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates set
               forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 5, any RSUs
               that had not vested prior to the commencement of the PLOA shall
               be cancelled as of the date of your termination of employment,
               as applicable, except to the extent provided otherwise in
               Sections 8 through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement
     (defined below), all RSUs not then vested shall be cancelled
     on the date of

<PAGE>

     employment termination, regardless of whether
     such employment termination is as a result of a divestiture
     or otherwise.   For purposes of this Section 7, your
     employment with any partnership, joint venture or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary in
     which the Corporation or a Subsidiary is a party shall be
     considered employment for purposes of this provision if
     either (a) an the entity is designated by the Committee as a
     Subsidiary for purposes of this provision or (b) you are
     specifically designated as an employee of a Subsidiary for
     purposes of this provision.

     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 9, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

10.  RETIREMENT

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" shall mean
     either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the Rule of
     75 (as defined below).  Upon your Retirement, vesting of
     your RSUs shall be accelerated to the extent provided in
     Section 10(a) or Section 10(b) below (but not to the extent
     provided under both provisions together), whichever results
     in the greater number of RSUs vesting:

<PAGE>


     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within a number of
          whole years from the date of your Retirement determined by
          dividing the number of years that you have been employed by the
          Corporation (measured in complete, whole years) by five (5),
          rounded down to the nearest whole number of years, shall vest as
          of the date of your Retirement. No vesting acceleration shall
          occur for any periods of employment of less than five (5) years;
          or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the entire
          Corporation, your age plus years of service (in each case
          measured in complete, whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of
          75"), then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within one year
          of the date of your Retirement shall vest as of the date of your
          Retirement.

11.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in accordance with
     the existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006
     Plan) for the payment and satisfaction of any income tax,
     social security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax
     related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of
     the Common Stock (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which

<PAGE>

     all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 11 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

12.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any rights of
     a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no voting or
     dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall
     remain terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have
     no value for purposes of any aspect of your employment
     relationship with the Corporation.

13.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan,
     any adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by
     the Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee
     has delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be final
     and binding unless determined pursuant to Section 16(e) to
     have been arbitrary and capricious.

<PAGE>


14.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

15.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     RSUs  or  any other entitlement to shares of stock  awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired under your RSUs.
     You hereby understand that Data will be held only as long as
     is  necessary  to  implement,  administer  and  manage  your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand  that
     you   may,  at  any  time,  view  Data,  request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.


<PAGE>

16.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined
          in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this
          Agreement and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby acknowledge
          that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but
          unissued shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon
          vesting in accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the
          sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs
          at the time of such determination.

      (d) Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State
          of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding
          relating to this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be
          brought in the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction
          in the State of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
          or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to
          reduction by the Corporation if you change your employment
          classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other

<PAGE>

          remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or
          entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from
          termination of your RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or
          Common Stock acquired through vested RSUs resulting from
          termination of your active employment by the Corporation (for any
          reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor
          laws) and you hereby release the Corporation from any such claim
          that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim
          is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen,
          then you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your
          entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan,
          if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no
          longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice
          period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would
          not include a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant
          to local law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary
          termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local
          labor laws), your right to sell shares of Common Stock that
          converted from vested RSUs after termination of employment, if
          any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active
          employment and will not be extended by any notice period mandated
          under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice
          of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 16(j) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance

<PAGE>


          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.


By  your  electronic signature, you and Intel  Corporation  agree
that the RSUs identified in your Notice of Grant are governed  by
the  terms  of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the  2006
Plan.   You further acknowledge that you have read and understood
the terms of the RSUs set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO ELECTRONICALLY SIGN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT  DATE
WILL  RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF THE RSUs (SEE SECTION 2  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT).

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh104.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4
<TEXT>


                                                     Exhibit 10.4

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
   (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the standard RSU
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"), the
     Notice  of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of  Grant")
     and  the  Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the
     "2006  Plan"),  as such may be amended from  time  to  time,
     constitute  the entire understanding between you  and  Intel
     Corporation  (the  "Corporation") regarding  the  Restricted
     Stock Units ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If  you fail to print and sign this Agreement and return  it
     to Intel Benefit Services within 180 days of the Grant Date,
     the  RSUs subject to your Notice of Grant will be cancelled,
     except  as  determined  by  the  Corporation  in  its   sole
     discretion.

3.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in the
     Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits and
     similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.
     If your status as an Employee terminates for any reason
     except death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement
     (defined below), prior to the vesting dates set forth in
     your Notice of Grant, your unvested RSUs will be cancelled.


<PAGE>

4.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 11 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in
     an account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm
     or other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated
     to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any laws of the United States or your country
     of residence or employment and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the
     date on which shares are issued may include a delay in order
     to provide the Corporation such time as it determines
     appropriate to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement,
          if you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent and
          during the times specified in this Section 5:

           (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have
                    vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                    first day that you return to work (i.e., the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated) or, if you return on a
                    day that the NASDAQ is not open, the next following
                    NASDAQ business day; and

               b.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant
                    for any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following
                    the date that the PLOA is terminated shall not be
                    affected by the PLOA.

<PAGE>


           (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty
                (30) days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice
                of Grant for any RSUs that follow the commencement of
                the PLOA shall be deferred beyond the dates set forth
                in the Notice of Grant by a period of time equal to the
                duration of the PLOA.

           (3) If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates
               set forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 5,
               any RSUs that had not vested prior to the commencement
               of the PLOA shall be cancelled as of the date of your
               termination of employment, as applicable, except to the
               extent provided otherwise in Sections 8 through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement
     (defined below), all RSUs not then vested shall be cancelled
     on the date of

<PAGE>

     employment termination, regardless of whether
     such employment termination is as a result of a divestiture
     or otherwise.   For purposes of this Section 7, your
     employment with any partnership, joint venture or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary in
     which the Corporation or a Subsidiary is a party shall be
     considered employment for purposes of this provision if
     either (a) an the entity is designated by the Committee as a
     Subsidiary for purposes of this provision or (b) you are
     specifically designated as an employee of a Subsidiary for
     purposes of this provision.

     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 9, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

10.  RETIREMENT

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" shall mean
     either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the Rule of
     75 (as defined below).  Upon your Retirement, vesting of
     your RSUs shall be accelerated to the extent provided in
     Section 10(a) or Section 10(b) below (but not to the extent
     provided under both provisions together), whichever results
     in the greater number of RSUs vesting:

<PAGE>


     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within a number
          of whole years from the date of your Retirement determined by
          dividing the number of years that you have been employed by the
          Corporation (measured in complete, whole years) by five (5),
          rounded down to the nearest whole number of years, shall vest
          as of the date of your Retirement. No vesting acceleration shall
          occur for any periods of employment of less than five (5) years;
          or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the entire
          Corporation, your age plus years of service (in each case
          measured in complete, whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of
          75"), then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within one year
          of the date of your Retirement shall vest as of the date of your
          Retirement.

11.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in accordance with
     the existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006
     Plan) for the payment and satisfaction of any income tax,
     social security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax
     related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of
     the Common Stock (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which

<PAGE>

     all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 11 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

12.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any rights of
     a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no voting or
     dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall
     remain terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have
     no value for purposes of any aspect of your employment
     relationship with the Corporation.

13.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan,
     any adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by
     the Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee
     has delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be final
     and binding unless determined pursuant to Section 16(e) to
     have been arbitrary and capricious.


<PAGE>

14.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

15.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     RSUs  or  any other entitlement to shares of stock  awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired under your RSUs.
     You hereby understand that Data will be held only as long as
     is  necessary  to  implement,  administer  and  manage  your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand  that
     you   may,  at  any  time,  view  Data,  request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.


<PAGE>

16.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are
          defined in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments
          or negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this
          Agreement and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby acknowledge
          that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the
          sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs
          at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State
          of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding
          relating to this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be
          brought in the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction
          in the State of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
          or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to
          reduction by the Corporation if you change your employment
          classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other

<PAGE>

          remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or
          entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from
          termination of your RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or
          Common Stock acquired through vested RSUs resulting from
          termination of your active employment by the Corporation (for any
          reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor
          laws) and you hereby release the Corporation from any such claim
          that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim
          is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen,
          then you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your
          entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan,
          if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no
          longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice
          period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would
          not include a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant
          to local law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary
          termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local
          labor laws), your right to sell shares of Common Stock that
          converted from vested RSUs after termination of employment, if
          any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active
          employment and will not be extended by any notice period mandated
          under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice
          of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 16(j) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance

<PAGE>

          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

By your signature below, you and Intel Corporation agree that the
RSUs identified in your Notice of Grant are governed by the terms
of  this  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006 Plan.   You
further  acknowledge that you have read and understood the  terms
of the RSUs set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO SIGN AND RETURN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT DATE WILL
RESULT  IN  CANCELLATION  OF THE RSUs  (SEE  SECTION  2  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT).

INTEL CORPORATION and

- -----------              --------------           ---------
Signature                Employee Name            Date


- -----------              --------------
WWID                     Grant Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exh105.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5
<TEXT>
                                                     Exhibit 10.5

                     INTEL KABUSHIKI KAISHA
                 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
   (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the standard RSU
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"), the
     Notice  of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of  Grant")
     and  the  Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the
     "2006  Plan"),  as such may be amended from  time  to  time,
     constitute  the entire understanding between you  and  Intel
     Corporation  (the  "Corporation") regarding  the  Restricted
     Stock Units ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If you fail to electronically sign this Agreement within 180
     days  of the Grant Date, the RSUs subject to your Notice  of
     Grant  will  be  cancelled,  except  as  determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.

3.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in the
     Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits and
     similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.
     If your status as an Employee terminates for any reason
     except death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement
     (defined below), prior to the vesting dates set forth in
     your Notice of Grant, your unvested RSUs will be cancelled.


<PAGE>

4.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 11 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in
     an account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm
     or other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated
     to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any laws of the United States or your country
     of residence or employment and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the
     date on which shares are issued may include a delay in order
     to provide the Corporation such time as it determines
     appropriate to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement,
          if you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent
          and during the times specified in this Section 5:

           (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

                a.  The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have
                    vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                    first day that you return to work (i.e., the date that
                    the PLOA is terminated) or, if you return on a day that
                    the NASDAQ is not open, the next following NASDAQ
                    business day; and

               b.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant
                    for any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the
                    date that the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected
                    by the PLOA.


<PAGE>

           (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
                days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant
                for any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA
                shall be deferred beyond the dates set forth in the Notice
                of Grant by a period of time equal to the duration of the
                PLOA.

           (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
                PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates
                set forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 5,
                any RSUs that had not vested prior to the commencement of
                the PLOA shall be cancelled as of the date of your
                termination of employment, as applicable, except to the
                extent provided otherwise in Sections 8 through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement
     (defined below), all RSUs not then vested shall be cancelled
     on the date of

<PAGE>

     employment termination, regardless of whether
     such employment termination is as a result of a divestiture
     or otherwise.   For purposes of this Section 7, your
     employment with any partnership, joint venture or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary in
     which the Corporation or a Subsidiary is a party shall be
     considered employment for purposes of this provision if
     either (a) an the entity is designated by the Committee as a
     Subsidiary for purposes of this provision or (b) you are
     specifically designated as an employee of a Subsidiary for
     purposes of this provision.

     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 9, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

10.  RETIREMENT

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" shall mean
     either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the Rule of
     75 (as defined below).  Upon your Retirement, vesting of
     your RSUs shall be accelerated to the extent provided in
     Section 10(a) or Section 10(b) below (but not to the extent
     provided under both provisions together), whichever results
     in the greater number of RSUs vesting:

<PAGE>


     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within a number of
          whole years from the date of your Retirement determined by
          dividing the number of years that you have been employed by
          the Corporation (measured in complete, whole years) by five
          (5), rounded down to the nearest whole number of years,
          shall vest as of the date of your Retirement. No vesting
          acceleration shall occur for any periods of employment of
          less than five (5) years; or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the entire
          Corporation, your age plus years of service (in each case
          measured in complete, whole years) equals or exceeds 75
          ("Rule of 75"), then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest
          within one year of the date of your Retirement shall vest
          as of the date of your Retirement.

11.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in accordance with
     the existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006
     Plan) for the payment and satisfaction of any income tax,
     social security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax
     related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of
     the Common Stock (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which

<PAGE>

     all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 11 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

12.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any rights of
     a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no voting or
     dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall
     remain terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have
     no value for purposes of any aspect of your employment
     relationship with the Corporation.

13.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan,
     any adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by
     the Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee
     has delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be final
     and binding unless determined pursuant to Section 16(e) to
     have been arbitrary and capricious.


<PAGE>

14.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

15.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     RSUs  or  any other entitlement to shares of stock  awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired under your RSUs.
     You hereby understand that Data will be held only as long as
     is  necessary  to  implement,  administer  and  manage  your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand  that
     you   may,  at  any  time,  view  Data,  request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.


<PAGE>

16.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are
          defined in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements,
          commitments or negotiations concerning the RSUs are
          superseded by this Agreement and your Notice of Grant.
          You hereby acknowledge that a copy of
          the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of
          your country of residence or employment, only authorized but
          unissued shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon
          vesting in accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the
          sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs
          at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State
          of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding
          relating to this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be
          brought in the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction
          in the State of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
          or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to
          reduction by the Corporation if you change your employment
          classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other

<PAGE>

          remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or
          entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from
          termination of your RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or
          Common Stock acquired through vested RSUs resulting from
          termination of your active employment by the Corporation (for any
          reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor
          laws) and you hereby release the Corporation from any such claim
          that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim
          is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen,
          then you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your
          entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan,
          if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no
          longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice
          period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would
          not include a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant
          to local law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary
          termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local
          labor laws), your right to sell shares of Common Stock that
          converted from vested RSUs after termination of employment, if
          any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active
          employment and will not be extended by any notice period mandated
          under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice
          of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 16(j) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance

<PAGE>

          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.


By  your  electronic signature, you and Intel  Corporation  agree
that the RSUs identified in your Notice of Grant are governed  by
the  terms  of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the  2006
Plan.   You further acknowledge that you have read and understood
the terms of the RSUs set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO ELECTRONICALLY SIGN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT  DATE
WILL  RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF THE RSUs (SEE SECTION 2  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT).

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exh106.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 6
<TEXT>

                                                     Exhibit 10.6

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
   (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the standard RSU
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"), the
     Notice  of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of  Grant")
     and  the  Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the
     "2006  Plan"),  as such may be amended from  time  to  time,
     constitute  the entire understanding between you  and  Intel
     Corporation  (the  "Corporation") regarding  the  Restricted
     Stock Units ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If  you fail to print and sign this Agreement and return  it
     to  Intel  Benefit Services within 60 days after receipt  of
     your  Notice  of Grant, the RSUs subject to your  Notice  of
     Grant  will  be  cancelled,  except  as  determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.

3.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in the
     Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits and
     similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.
     If your status as an Employee terminates for any reason
     except death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement
     (defined below), prior to the vesting dates set forth in
     your Notice of Grant, your unvested RSUs will be cancelled.


<PAGE>

4.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 11 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in
     an account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm
     or other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated
     to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any laws of the United States or your country
     of residence or employment and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the
     date on which shares are issued may include a delay in order
     to provide the Corporation such time as it determines
     appropriate to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
          you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent
          and during the times specified in this Section 5:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have
                    vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the first
                    day that you return to work (i.e., the date that the
                    PLOA is terminated) or, if you return on a day that the
                    NASDAQ is not open, the next following NASDAQ business
                    day; and

               b.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant
                    for any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the
                    date that the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected
                    by the PLOA.


<PAGE>

           (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
                days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant
                for any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA
                shall be deferred beyond the dates set forth in the Notice
                of Grant by a period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

           (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
                PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates
                set forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 5,
                any RSUs that had not vested prior to the commencement
                of the PLOA shall be cancelled as of the date of your
                termination of employment, as applicable, except to the
                extent provided otherwise in Sections 8 through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, Disablement (defined below) or Retirement
     (defined below), all RSUs not then vested shall be cancelled
     on the date of

<PAGE>

     employment termination, regardless of whether
     such employment termination is as a result of a divestiture
     or otherwise.   For purposes of this Section 7, your
     employment with any partnership, joint venture or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary in
     which the Corporation or a Subsidiary is a party shall be
     considered employment for purposes of this provision if
     either (a) an the entity is designated by the Committee as a
     Subsidiary for purposes of this provision or (b) you are
     specifically designated as an employee of a Subsidiary for
     purposes of this provision.

     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 9, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

10.  RETIREMENT

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" shall mean
     either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the Rule of
     75 (as defined below).  Upon your Retirement, vesting of
     your RSUs shall be accelerated to the extent provided in
     Section 10(a) or Section 10(b) below (but not to the extent
     provided under both provisions together), whichever results
     in the greater number of RSUs vesting:


<PAGE>

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within a number of
          whole years from the date of your Retirement determined by
          dividing the number of years that you have been employed by the
          Corporation (measured in complete, whole years) by five (5),
          rounded down to the nearest whole number of years, shall vest as
          of the date of your Retirement. No vesting acceleration shall
          occur for any periods of employment of less than five (5) years;
          or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the entire
          Corporation, your age plus years of service (in each case
          measured in complete, whole years) equals or exceeds 75
          ("Rule of 75"), then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest
          within one year of the date of your Retirement shall vest as
          of the date of your Retirement.

11.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in accordance with
     the existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006
     Plan) for the payment and satisfaction of any income tax,
     social security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax
     related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of
     the Common Stock (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which

<PAGE>

     all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 11 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

12.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any rights of
     a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no voting or
     dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall
     remain terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have
     no value for purposes of any aspect of your employment
     relationship with the Corporation.

13.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan,
     any adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by
     the Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee
     has delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be final
     and binding unless determined pursuant to Section 16(e) to
     have been arbitrary and capricious.


<PAGE>

14.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

15.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     RSUs  or  any other entitlement to shares of stock  awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired under your RSUs.
     You hereby understand that Data will be held only as long as
     is  necessary  to  implement,  administer  and  manage  your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand  that
     you   may,  at  any  time,  view  Data,  request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.


<PAGE>

16.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined
          in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this
          Agreement and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby acknowledge
          that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the
          sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs
          at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State
          of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding
          relating to this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be
          brought in the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction
          in the State of California.

      (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
          or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to
          reduction by the Corporation if you change your employment
          classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other

<PAGE>

          remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or
          entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from
          termination of your RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or
          Common Stock acquired through vested RSUs resulting from
          termination of your active employment by the Corporation (for any
          reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor
          laws) and you hereby release the Corporation from any such claim
          that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim
          is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen,
          then you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your
          entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan,
          if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no
          longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice
          period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would
          not include a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant
          to local law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary
          termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local
          labor laws), your right to sell shares of Common Stock that
          converted from vested RSUs after termination of employment, if
          any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active
          employment and will not be extended by any notice period mandated
          under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice
          of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 16(j) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance

<PAGE>

          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

By your signature below, you and Intel Corporation agree that the
RSUs identified in your Notice of Grant are governed by the terms
of  this  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006 Plan.   You
further  acknowledge that you have read and understood the  terms
of the RSUs set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO SIGN AND RETURN WITHIN 60 DAYS OF RECEIPT WILL  RESULT
IN CANCELLATION OF THE RSUs (SEE SECTION 2 OF THIS AGREEMENT).

INTEL CORPORATION and

- -----------              --------------           ----------
Signature                Employee Name            Date


- -----------              --------------
WWID                     Grant Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exh107.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 7
<TEXT>


                                                    Exhibit 10.7

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                   2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

TERMS  AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS  GRANTED
ON AND AFTER MAY 17, 2006 UNDER THE INTEL CORPORATION 2006 EQUITY
INCENTIVE PLAN (for RSUs granted under the ELTSOP RSU program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     Unless provided otherwise in the Notice of Grant, these
     standard terms and conditions ("Standard Terms") apply to
     Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") granted to you, a U.S.
     employee, under the Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive
     Plan (the "2006 Plan").  Your Notice of Grant, these
     Standard Terms and the 2006 Plan constitute the entire
     understanding between you and Intel Corporation (the
     "Corporation") regarding the RSUs identified in your Notice
     of Grant.

2.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in these Standard Terms.  If a vesting date falls
     on a weekend or any other day on which the Nasdaq Stock
     Market ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on
     the next following NASDAQ business day.  The number of
     shares of Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified
     in the Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits
     and similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and these Standard
     Terms.  If your status as an Employee terminates for any
     reason except death, or Disablement (defined below), prior
     to the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant, your
     unvested RSUs will be cancelled.

3.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 9 of these Standard
     Terms and you have completed, signed and returned any
     documents and taken

<PAGE>

     any additional action that the
     Corporation deems appropriate to enable it to accomplish the
     delivery of the shares of Common Stock.  The shares of
     Common Stock will be issued in your name (or may be issued
     to your executor or personal representative, in the event of
     your death or Disablement), and may be effected by recording
     shares on the stock records of the Corporation or by
     crediting shares in an account established on your behalf
     with a brokerage firm or other custodian, in each case as
     determined by the Corporation.  In no event will the
     Corporation be obligated to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any federal, state or other applicable laws
     and/or may issue shares subject to any restrictive legends
     that, as determined by the Corporation's counsel, is
     necessary to comply with securities or other regulatory
     requirements, and (ii) the date on which shares are issued
     may include a delay in order to provide the Corporation such
     time as it determines appropriate to address tax withholding
     and other administrative matters.

4.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
          Terms, if you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel
          Leave Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the
          extent and during the times specified in this Section 4:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have vested
                    during the PLOA shall be deferred until the first day
                    that you return to work (i.e., the date that the PLOA is
                    terminated) or, if you return on a day that the NASDAQ
                    is not open, the next following NASDAQ business day; and

               b.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by the
                    PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant for
               any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA shall be
               deferred beyond the dates set forth in the Notice of Grant
               by a period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

          (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates set
               forth in clause

<PAGE>

               (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 4, any RSUs
               that had not vested prior to the commencement of the PLOA
               shall be cancelled as of the date of your termination of
               employment, as applicable, except to the extent provided
               otherwise in Sections 7 through 9 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

5.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8. (a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

6.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
     Terms, if your employment by the Corporation terminates for
     any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     on account of death, or Disablement (defined below), all
     RSUs not then vested shall be cancelled on the date of
     employment termination regardless of whether such employment
     termination is as a result of a divestiture or otherwise.
     For purposes of this Section 6, your employment with any
     partnership, joint venture or corporation not meeting the
     requirements of a Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary is a party shall be considered employment for
     purposes of this provision if either (a) the entity is
     designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of
     this provision or (b) you are specifically designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.


<PAGE>

     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

7.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
     Terms, if you die while employed by the Corporation, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

8.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
     Terms and upon your termination of employment as a result of
     a determination of Disablement, your RSUs will become one
     hundred percent (100%) vested.

     For purposes of this Section 8, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

9.   TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value on
     the date of vesting.  To the extent required by applicable
     federal, state or other law, you shall make arrangements
     satisfactory to the Corporation for the payment and
     satisfaction of any income tax, social security tax, payroll
     tax, or payment on account of other tax related to
     withholding obligations that arise by reason of vesting of a
     RSU and, if applicable, any sale of shares of the Common
     Stock.  The Corporation shall not be required to issue or
     lift any restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of
     shares of the Common Stock until such obligations are
     satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS

<PAGE>

     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 9 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

10.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER AND RESTRICTIONS

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     these Standard Terms.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any
     rights of a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no
     voting or dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs
     shall remain terminable pursuant to these Standard Terms at
     all times until they vest and convert into shares.  As a
     condition to having the right to receive shares of Common
     Stock pursuant to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested
     RSUs shall have no value for purposes of any aspect of your
     employment relationship with the Corporation.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Standard
     Terms or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are
     subject to reduction by the Corporation if you change your
     employment classification from a full-time employee to a
     part-time employee.

<PAGE>


     RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
     the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
     compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes,
     including for purposes of computing severance pay or other
     termination compensation or indemnity.

11.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of these Standard
     Terms, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan, any
     adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under the Standard Terms, your
     Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be
     determined by the Committee (including any person(s) to whom
     the Committee has delegated its authority) in its sole and
     absolute discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall
     be final and binding unless determined pursuant to Section
     13(f) to have been arbitrary and capricious.

12.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

13.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in these Standard Terms are
          defined in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by these Standard
          Terms and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby acknowledge that a
          copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of these Standard Terms,
          if any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules
          applicable to the RSUs covered by these Standard Terms shall
          occur which, in the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an
          adverse effect on the reported earnings, assets or liabilities of
          the Corporation, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
          modify these Standard Terms or cancel and cause a forfeiture with
          respect to any unvested RSUs at the time of such determination.


<PAGE>

     (d)  Nothing contained in these Standard Terms creates or implies
          an employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Notwithstanding any provision of these Standard Terms, the
          Notice of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 13(e) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (f)  Because these Standard Terms relate to terms and conditions
          under which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of these
          Standard Terms is that it shall be governed by the laws of the
          State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding
          relating to these Standard Terms or the RSUs granted hereunder
          shall be brought in the state or federal courts of competent
          jurisdiction in the State of California.

     (g)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exh108.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 8
<TEXT>

                                                    Exhibit 10.8

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
    (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP RSU
                            program)

1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"), the
     Notice  of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of  Grant")
     and  the  Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the
     "2006  Plan"),  as such may be amended from  time  to  time,
     constitute  the entire understanding between you  and  Intel
     Corporation  (the  "Corporation") regarding  the  Restricted
     Stock Units ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the NASDAQ Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in the
     Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits and
     similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.
     If your status as an Employee terminates for any reason
     except death, or Disablement (defined below), prior to the
     vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant, your
     unvested RSUs will be cancelled.

3.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 9 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to

<PAGE>

     accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in
     an account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm
     or other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated
     to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any laws of the United States or your country
     of residence or employment and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the
     date on which shares are issued may include a delay in order
     to provide the Corporation such time as it determines
     appropriate to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

4.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
          you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent
          and during the times specified in this Section 4:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
               days:

               a.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have
                    vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the first
                    day that you return to work (i.e., the date that the
                    PLOA is terminated) or, if you return on a day that the
                    NASDAQ is not open, the next following NASDAQ business
                    day; and

               b.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by
                    the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant for
               any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA shall be
               deferred beyond the dates set forth in the Notice of Grant
               by a period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

          (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates set
               forth in clause

<PAGE>

               (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 4, any RSUs
               that had not vested prior to the commencement of the PLOA
               shall be cancelled as of the date of your termination of
               employment, as applicable, except to the extent provided
               otherwise in Sections 7 through 9 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

5.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

6.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, or Disablement (defined below), all RSUs
     not then vested shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination, regardless of whether such employment
     termination is as a result of a divestiture or otherwise.
     For purposes of this Section 6, your employment with any
     partnership, joint venture or corporation not meeting the
     requirements of a Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary is a party shall be considered employment for
     purposes of this provision if either (a) an the entity is
     designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of
     this provision or (b) you are specifically designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

<PAGE>


     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

7.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

8.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 8, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

9.   TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in accordance with
     the existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006
     Plan) for the payment and satisfaction of any income tax,
     social security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax
     related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of
     the Common Stock (whichever is applicable).


<PAGE>

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 9 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

10.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any rights of
     a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no voting or
     dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall
     remain terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and

<PAGE>

     convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have
     no value for purposes of any aspect of your employment
     relationship with the Corporation.


<PAGE>



11.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan,
     any adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by
     the Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee
     has delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be final
     and binding unless determined pursuant to Section 14(e) to
     have been arbitrary and capricious.

12.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

13.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     RSUs  or  any other entitlement to shares of stock  awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired under your RSUs.
     You hereby understand that Data will be held only as

<PAGE>

     long as
     is  necessary  to  implement,  administer  and  manage  your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand  that
     you   may,  at  any  time,  view  Data,  request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

14.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined
          in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this
          Agreement and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby acknowledge
          that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but
          unissued shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon
          vesting in accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the
          sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on
          the reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation,
          the Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement
          or cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs
          at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State
          of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or

<PAGE>

          proceeding
          relating to this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be
          brought in the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction
          in the State of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
          or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to
          reduction by the Corporation if you change your employment
          classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or
          entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from
          termination of your RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or
          Common Stock acquired through vested RSUs resulting from
          termination of your active employment by the Corporation (for
          any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor
          laws) and you hereby release the Corporation from any such claim
          that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim
          is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen,
          then you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your
          entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan,
          if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no
          longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice
          period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would
          not include a period of "garden leave" or similar period
          pursuant to local law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary
          termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local
          labor laws), your right to sell shares of Common Stock that
          converted from vested RSUs after termination of employment, if
          any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active
          employment and will not be extended by any notice period
          mandated under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice
          of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the
          Internal Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments
          or benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your

<PAGE>

          "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 14(j) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>exh109.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 9
<TEXT>

                                                    Exhibit 10.9

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
    (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP RSU
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"), the
     Notice  of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of  Grant")
     and  the  Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the
     "2006  Plan"),  as such may be amended from  time  to  time,
     constitute  the entire understanding between you  and  Intel
     Corporation  (the  "Corporation") regarding  the  Restricted
     Stock Units ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If you fail to electronically sign this Agreement within 180
     days  of the Grant Date, the RSUs subject to your Notice  of
     Grant  will  be  cancelled,  except  as  determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.

3.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the NASDAQ Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in the
     Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits and
     similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.
     If your status as an Employee terminates for any reason
     except death, or Disablement (defined below), prior to the
     vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant, your
     unvested RSUs will be cancelled.

<PAGE>




4.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 10 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in
     an account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm
     or other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated
     to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any laws of the United States or your country
     of residence or employment and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the
     date on which shares are issued may include a delay in order
     to provide the Corporation such time as it determines
     appropriate to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
          you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent and
          during the times specified in this Section 5:

            (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
                 days:

                 a. The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have vested
                    during the PLOA shall be deferred until the first day that
                    you return to work (i.e., the date that the PLOA is
                    terminated) or, if you return on a day that the NASDAQ
                    is not open, the next following NASDAQ business day; and

                 b. The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by the
                    PLOA.

<PAGE>


            (2)     If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty
                    (30) days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice
                    of Grant for any RSUs that follow the commencement of
                    the PLOA shall be deferred beyond the dates set forth
                    in the Notice of Grant by a period of time equal to
                    the duration of the PLOA.

            (3)     If you terminate employment with the Corporation
                    during a PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the
                    vesting dates set forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2)
                    of this Section 5, any RSUs that had not vested prior
                    to the commencement of the PLOA shall be cancelled
                    as of the date of your termination of employment, as
                    applicable, except to the extent provided otherwise in
                    Sections 8 through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, or Disablement (defined below), all RSUs
     not then vested shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination,

<PAGE>

     regardless of whether such employment
     termination is as a result of a divestiture or otherwise.
     For purposes of this Section 7, your employment with any
     partnership, joint venture or corporation not meeting the
     requirements of a Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary is a party shall be considered employment for
     purposes of this provision if either (a) an the entity is
     designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of
     this provision or (b) you are specifically designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 9, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

10.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in accordance with
     the existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.


<PAGE>

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006
     Plan) for the payment and satisfaction of any income tax,
     social security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax
     related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of
     the Common Stock (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 10 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

11.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of

<PAGE>

     your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any rights of
     a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no voting or
     dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall
     remain terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have
     no value for purposes of any aspect of your employment
     relationship with the Corporation.

12.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan,
     any adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by
     the Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee
     has delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be final
     and binding unless determined pursuant to Section 15(e) to
     have been arbitrary and capricious.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

14.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     RSUs  or  any other entitlement to shares of stock  awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in

<PAGE>

     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired under your RSUs.
     You hereby understand that Data will be held only as long as
     is  necessary  to  implement,  administer  and  manage  your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand  that
     you   may,  at  any  time,  view  Data,  request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

15.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined
          in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this
          Agreement and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby acknowledge
          that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the
          sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities

<PAGE>

          of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs
          at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State
          of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or
          proceeding relating to this Agreement or the RSUs granted
          hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal courts
          of competent jurisdiction in the State of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
          or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to
          reduction by the Corporation if you change your employment
          classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or
          entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from
          termination of your RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or
          Common Stock acquired through vested RSUs resulting from
          termination of your active employment by the Corporation (for any
          reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor
          laws) and you hereby release the Corporation from any such claim
          that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim
          is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen,
          then you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your
          entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan,
          if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no
          longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice
          period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would
          not include a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant
          to local law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary
          termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local
          labor laws), your right to sell shares of Common Stock that
          converted from vested RSUs after termination of

<PAGE>

          employment, if
          any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active
          employment and will not be extended by any notice period mandated
          under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice
          of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 15(j) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.


By  your  electronic signature, you and Intel  Corporation  agree
that the RSUs identified in your Notice of Grant are governed  by
the  terms  of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the  2006
Plan.   You further acknowledge that you have read and understood
the terms of the RSUs set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO ELECTRONICALLY SIGN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT  DATE
WILL  RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF THE RSUs (SEE SECTION 2  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT).

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>exh1010.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10
<TEXT>

                                                    Exhibit 10.10

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
    (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP RSU
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"), the
     Notice  of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of  Grant")
     and  the  Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the
     "2006  Plan"),  as such may be amended from  time  to  time,
     constitute  the entire understanding between you  and  Intel
     Corporation  (the  "Corporation") regarding  the  Restricted
     Stock Units ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If  you fail to print and sign this Agreement and return  it
     to Intel Benefit Services within 180 days of the Grant Date,
     the  RSUs subject to your Notice of Grant will be cancelled,
     except  as  determined  by  the  Corporation  in  its   sole
     discretion.

3.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the NASDAQ Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in the
     Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits and
     similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.
     If your status as an Employee terminates for any reason
     except death, or Disablement (defined below), prior to the
     vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant, your
     unvested RSUs will be cancelled.

4.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK


<PAGE>

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 10 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in
     an account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm
     or other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated
     to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any laws of the United States or your country
     of residence or employment and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the
     date on which shares are issued may include a delay in order
     to provide the Corporation such time as it determines
     appropriate to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
          you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent and
          during the times specified in this Section 5:

           (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
                days:

                1.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                     any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have
                     vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                     first day that you return to work (i.e., the date
                     that the PLOA is terminated) or, if you return on
                     a day that the NASDAQ is not open, the next following
                     NASDAQ business day; and

                2.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                     any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the
                     date that the PLOA is terminated shall not be
                     affected by the PLOA.

           (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
                days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA shall be
                deferred beyond

<PAGE>

                the dates set forth in the Notice of Grant by
                a period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

           (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates set
               forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 5, any RSUs
               that had not vested prior to the commencement of the PLOA
               shall be cancelled as of the date of your termination of
               employment, as applicable, except to the extent provided
               otherwise in Sections 8 through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, or Disablement (defined below), all RSUs
     not then vested shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination, regardless of whether such employment
     termination is as a result of a divestiture or otherwise.
     For purposes of this Section 7, your employment with any
     partnership, joint venture or corporation not meeting the
     requirements of a

<PAGE>

     Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary is a party shall be considered employment for
     purposes of this provision if either (a) an the entity is
     designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of
     this provision or (b) you are specifically designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 9, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

10.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in accordance with
     the existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006
     Plan) for the

<PAGE>

     payment and satisfaction of any income tax,
     social security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax
     related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of
     the Common Stock (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 10 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

11.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

<PAGE>


     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any rights of
     a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no voting or
     dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall
     remain terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have
     no value for purposes of any aspect of your employment
     relationship with the Corporation.

12.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan,
     any adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by
     the Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee
     has delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be final
     and binding unless determined pursuant to Section 15(e) to
     have been arbitrary and capricious.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

14.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     RSUs  or  any other entitlement to shares of stock  awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections


<PAGE>

     than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired under your RSUs.
     You hereby understand that Data will be held only as long as
     is  necessary  to  implement,  administer  and  manage  your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand  that
     you   may,  at  any  time,  view  Data,  request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

15.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined
          in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this
          Agreement and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby acknowledge
          that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the
          sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs
          at the time of such determination.

<PAGE>


     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State
          of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding
          relating to this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be
          brought in the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction
          in the State of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
          or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to
          reduction by the Corporation if you change your employment
          classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or
          entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from
          termination of your RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or
          Common Stock acquired through vested RSUs resulting from
          termination of your active employment by the Corporation (for any
          reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor
          laws) and you hereby release the Corporation from any such claim
          that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim
          is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen,
          then you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your
          entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan,
          if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no
          longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice
          period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would
          not include a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant
          to local law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary
          termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local
          labor laws), your right to sell shares of Common Stock that
          converted from vested RSUs after termination of employment, if
          any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active
          employment and will not be extended by any notice period mandated
          under local law.


<PAGE>

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice
          of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 15(j) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.



By your signature below, you and Intel Corporation agree that the
RSUs identified in your Notice of Grant are governed by the terms
of  this  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006 Plan.   You
further  acknowledge that you have read and understood the  terms
of the RSUs set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO SIGN AND RETURN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT DATE WILL
RESULT  IN  CANCELLATION  OF THE RSUs  (SEE  SECTION  2  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT).

INTEL CORPORATION and

- ----------------         -----------------        ----------
Signature                Employee Name            Date


- ----------------         -----------------
WWID                     Grant Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>exh1011.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

                                                    Exhibit 10.11

                     INTEL KABUSHIKI KAISHA
                 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
    (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP RSU
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"), the
     Notice  of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of  Grant")
     and  the  Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the
     "2006  Plan"),  as such may be amended from  time  to  time,
     constitute  the entire understanding between you  and  Intel
     Corporation  (the  "Corporation") regarding  the  Restricted
     Stock Units ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If you fail to electronically sign this Agreement within 180
     days  of the Grant Date, the RSUs subject to your Notice  of
     Grant  will  be  cancelled,  except  as  determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.

3.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the NASDAQ Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in the
     Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits and
     similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.
     If your status as an Employee terminates for any reason
     except death, or Disablement (defined below), prior to the
     vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant, your
     unvested RSUs will be cancelled.


<PAGE>



4.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 10 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in
     an account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm
     or other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated
     to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any laws of the United States or your country
     of residence or employment and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the
     date on which shares are issued may include a delay in order
     to provide the Corporation such time as it determines
     appropriate to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
          you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent
          and during the times specified in this Section 5:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
               days:

               a.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant
                    for any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have
                    vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                    first day that you return to work (i.e., the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated) or, if you return on a
                    day that the NASDAQ is not open, the next following
                    NASDAQ business day; and

               b.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by
                    the PLOA.


<PAGE>

            (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
                 days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant
                 for any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA
                 shall be deferred beyond the dates set forth in the Notice
                 of Grant by a period of time equal to the duration of the
                 PLOA.

            (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
                 PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates
                 set forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 5,
                 any RSUs that had not vested prior to the commencement of
                 the PLOA shall be cancelled as of the date of your
                 termination of employment, as applicable, except to the
                 extent provided otherwise in Sections 8 through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, or Disablement (defined below), all RSUs
     not then vested shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination,


<PAGE>

     regardless of whether such employment
     termination is as a result of a divestiture or otherwise.
     For purposes of this Section 7, your employment with any
     partnership, joint venture or corporation not meeting the
     requirements of a Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary is a party shall be considered employment for
     purposes of this provision if either (a) an the entity is
     designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of
     this provision or (b) you are specifically designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 9, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

10.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in accordance with
     the existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.

<PAGE>


     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006
     Plan) for the payment and satisfaction of any income tax,
     social security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax
     related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of
     the Common Stock (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 10 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

11.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of


<PAGE>

     your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any rights of
     a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no voting or
     dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall
     remain terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have
     no value for purposes of any aspect of your employment
     relationship with the Corporation.

12.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan,
     any adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by
     the Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee
     has delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be final
     and binding unless determined pursuant to Section 15(e) to
     have been arbitrary and capricious.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

14.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     RSUs  or  any other entitlement to shares of stock  awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in

<PAGE>

    the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired under your RSUs.
     You hereby understand that Data will be held only as long as
     is  necessary  to  implement,  administer  and  manage  your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand  that
     you   may,  at  any  time,  view  Data,  request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

15.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined
          in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this
          Agreement and your Notice of Grant.  You hereby acknowledge
          that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the
          sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities

<PAGE>

          of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs
          at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State
          of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding
          relating to this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be
          brought in the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction
          in the State of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
          or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to
          reduction by the Corporation if you change your employment
          classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.
     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or
          entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from
          termination of your RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or
          Common Stock acquired through vested RSUs resulting from
          termination of your active employment by the Corporation (for any
          reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor
          laws) and you hereby release the Corporation from any such claim
          that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim
          is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen,
          then you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your
          entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan,
          if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no
          longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice
          period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would
          not include a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant
          to local law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary
          termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local
          labor laws), your right to sell shares of Common Stock that
          converted from vested RSUs after termination of

<PAGE>

          employment, if
          any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active
          employment and will not be extended by any notice period mandated
          under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice
          of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 15(j) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.


By  your  electronic signature, you and Intel  Corporation  agree
that the RSUs identified in your Notice of Grant are governed  by
the  terms  of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the  2006
Plan.   You further acknowledge that you have read and understood
the terms of the RSUs set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO ELECTRONICALLY SIGN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT  DATE
WILL  RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF THE RSUs (SEE SECTION 2  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT).

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>exh1012.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 12
<TEXT>

                                                    Exhibit 10.12

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
    (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP RSU
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement"), the
     Notice  of Grant delivered herewith (the "Notice of  Grant")
     and  the  Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan  (the
     "2006  Plan"),  as such may be amended from  time  to  time,
     constitute  the entire understanding between you  and  Intel
     Corporation  (the  "Corporation") regarding  the  Restricted
     Stock Units ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If  you fail to print and sign this Agreement and return  it
     to  Intel  Benefit Services within 60 days after receipt  of
     your  Notice  of Grant, the RSUs subject to your  Notice  of
     Grant  will  be  cancelled,  except  as  determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.

3.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from the
     Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the RSUs
     shall vest and be converted into the right to receive the
     number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the Notice of
     Grant with respect to such vesting date, except as otherwise
     provided in this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the NASDAQ Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in the
     Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits and
     similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the 2006
     Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in accordance
     with the terms of the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.
     If your status as an Employee terminates for any reason
     except death, or Disablement (defined below), prior to the
     vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant, your
     unvested RSUs will be cancelled.


<PAGE>

4.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting of the
     RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax withholding
     obligations as specified under Section 10 of this Agreement
     and you have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation deems
     appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the
     shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be
     issued in your name (or may be issued to your executor or
     personal representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording shares on the
     stock records of the Corporation or by crediting shares in
     an account established on your behalf with a brokerage firm
     or other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be obligated
     to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation shall not
     be obligated to deliver any shares of the Common Stock
     during any period when the Corporation determines that the
     conversion of a RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder
     would violate any laws of the United States or your country
     of residence or employment and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the
     date on which shares are issued may include a delay in order
     to provide the Corporation such time as it determines
     appropriate to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement,
          if you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel
          Leave Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the
          extent and during the times specified in this Section 5:

           (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
                days:

                1.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of
                     Grant for any RSUs that (but for this provision)
                     would have vested during the PLOA shall be
                     deferred until the first day that you return to
                     work (i.e., the date that the PLOA is terminated)
                     or, if you return on a day that the NASDAQ
                     is not open, the next following NASDAQ business
                     day; and

                2.   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of
                     Grant for any RSUs that are scheduled to vest
                     following the date that the PLOA is terminated
                     shall not be affected by the PLOA.


<PAGE>

           (2) If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty
               (30) days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice
               of Grant for any RSUs that follow the commencement of
               the PLOA shall be deferred beyond the dates set forth
               in the Notice of Grant by a period of time equal to
               the duration of the PLOA.

           (3) If you terminate employment with the Corporation
               during a PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the
               vesting dates set forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2)
               of this Section 5, any RSUs that had not vested prior
               to the commencement of the PLOA shall be cancelled as
               of the date of your termination of employment,
               as applicable, except to the extent provided otherwise
               in Sections 8 through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with
          the schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     the Corporation established pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the
     "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or "Authorized
     Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan)
     notifies the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as described in
     Section 8(a)(v) of the 2006 Plan (embezzlement, fraud,
     dishonesty, nonpayment of any obligation owed to the
     Corporation, breach of fiduciary duty or deliberate
     disregard of Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information, any
     conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing any
     customer to breach a contract with the Corporation or
     inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the vesting of
     your RSUs may be suspended pending a determination of
     whether an act of misconduct has been committed. If the
     Corporation determines that you have committed an act of
     misconduct, all RSUs not vested as of the date the
     Corporation was notified that you may have committed an act
     of misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor any
     beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim with respect to
     the RSUs whatsoever. Any determination by the Committee or
     an Authorized Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, or Disablement (defined below), all RSUs
     not then vested shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination,

<PAGE>

     regardless of whether such employment
     termination is as a result of a divestiture or otherwise.
     For purposes of this Section 7, your employment with any
     partnership, joint venture or corporation not meeting the
     requirements of a Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary is a party shall be considered employment for
     purposes of this provision if either (a) an the entity is
     designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of
     this provision or (b) you are specifically designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

     For purposes of this provision, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
     you are rehired by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a
     basis that would make you eligible for future Intel RSU
     grants, nor would your transfer from the Corporation to any
     Subsidiary or from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a
     Subsidiary to the Corporation be deemed a termination of
     employment.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you die while employed by the Corporation, your RSUs will
     become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment terminates as a result of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the
     later of the date of your termination of employment due to
     your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement.

     For purposes of this Section 9, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and procedures
     of the then-current Long Term Disability Plan maintained by
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in
     the event you are not a participant in a then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation or the
     Subsidiary that employs you, "Disablement" shall have the
     same meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long
     Term Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which renders
     an individual incapable of performing work in any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

10.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value in
     accordance with the tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in accordance with
     the existing or future tax laws of the country where you are
     resident or employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or
     expatriate, you may also be subject to U.S. tax laws.


<PAGE>

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
     Corporation (or the Subsidiary that employs you, if your
     Subsidiary is involved in the administration of the 2006
     Plan) for the payment and satisfaction of any income tax,
     social security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of other tax
     related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any sale of shares of
     the Common Stock (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift any
     restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation withholding
     a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be
     issued under the RSUs that the Corporation determines has a
     Market Value sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee provides that
     these obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize UBS
     Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common Stock
     that are issued under the RSUs, which the Corporation
     determines is sufficient to generate an amount that meets
     the tax withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations, and to pay
     such tax withholding to the Corporation.  The shares may be
     sold as part of a block trade with other participants of the
     2006 Plan in which all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated
     as the average of the highest and lowest sales prices of the
     Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs
     vest.  The future value of the underlying shares of Common
     Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed
     by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of any
     action the Corporation takes or any transaction pursuant to
     this Section 10 with respect to any tax withholding
     obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. The
     Corporation makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the
     grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the
     subsequent sale of any of the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not
     commit and is under no obligation to structure the RSU
     program to reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

11.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not be
     subject to execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise
     dispose of

<PAGE>

     your RSUs other than as permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after shares
     of the Common Stock have been issued to you following
     vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all other
     conditions to the issuance of those shares as set forth in
     this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any rights of
     a stockholder of Common Stock and there are no voting or
     dividend rights with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall
     remain terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have
     no value for purposes of any aspect of your employment
     relationship with the Corporation.

12.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan,
     any adjustments required to be made thereunder, and any
     controversy that may arise under this Agreement, your Notice
     of Grant, the RSUs or the 2006 Plan shall be determined by
     the Committee (including any person(s) to whom the Committee
     has delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be final
     and binding unless determined pursuant to Section 15(e) to
     have been arbitrary and capricious.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

14.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     RSUs  or  any other entitlement to shares of stock  awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in

<PAGE>

     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired under your RSUs.
     You hereby understand that Data will be held only as long as
     is  necessary  to  implement,  administer  and  manage  your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand  that
     you   may,  at  any  time,  view  Data,  request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

15.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are
          defined in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements,
          commitments or negotiations concerning the RSUs are
          superseded by this Agreement and your Notice of Grant.
          You hereby acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has
          been made available to you.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year, or at
          any time, does not obligate the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          the Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a grant in
          any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of
          your country of residence or employment, only authorized
          but unissued shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery
          upon vesting in accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules
          applicable to the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur
          which, in the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an
          adverse effect on the reported earnings, assets or
          liabilities

<PAGE>

          of the Corporation, the Committee may, in its
          sole discretion, modify this Agreement or cancel and cause
          a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs at the time
          of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you
          may rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions
          under which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of
          Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential
          term of this Agreement is that it shall be governed by the
          laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to choice of
          law principles of Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any
          action, suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement
          or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be brought in the
          state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction
          in the State of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
          or the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to
          reduction by the Corporation if you change your employment
          classification from a full-time employee to a part-time
          employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes,
          including for purposes of computing severance pay or other
          termination compensation or indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or
          entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from
          termination of your RSUs or diminution in value of the
          RSUs or Common Stock acquired through vested RSUs resulting
          from termination of your active employment by the
          Corporation (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not
          in breach of local labor laws) and you hereby release the
          Corporation from any such claim that may arise; if,
          notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim
          is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have
          arisen, then you shall be deemed irrevocably to have
          waived your entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2006 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2006 Plan,
          if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no
          longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice
          period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would
          not include a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant
          to local law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary
          termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local
          labor laws), your right to sell shares of Common Stock that
          converted from vested RSUs after termination of


<PAGE>

          employment, if
          any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active
          employment and will not be extended by any notice period mandated
          under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Notice
          of Grant or the 2006 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 15(j) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (k)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.


By your signature below, you and Intel Corporation agree that the
RSUs identified in your Notice of Grant are governed by the terms
of  this  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006 Plan.   You
further  acknowledge that you have read and understood the  terms
of the RSUs set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO SIGN AND RETURN WITHIN 60 DAYS OF RECEIPT WILL  RESULT
IN CANCELLATION OF THE RSUs (SEE SECTION 2 OF THIS AGREEMENT).

INTEL CORPORATION and

- -----------              --------------           ----------
Signature                Employee Name            Date


- -----------              --------------
WWID                     Grant Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>exh1013.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>
                                        Exhibit 10.13

UBS Financial Services Inc.


  Date      Number   Type Price  Amount    Expiration
mm/dd/yyyy                      Granted        Date
                                            mm/dd/yyyy
- --------    -------- ---- -----  -------   -----------
MM/DD/YYYY  000000   RSU  $0.00    000      MM/DD/YYYY

To accept or reject this grant please scroll down to
the bottom of the page.

Intel Corporation
Notice of Grant

Congratulations. You were recently issued a grant under
Intel Corporations Equity Incentive Plan.  Your grant
details, such as the amount granted, vesting schedule and
option expiration date, are listed under the Grants/Awards
tab in your UBS Financial Services Inc. stock account.

Your grant is governed by the terms of Intels Equity
Incentive Plan under which they were granted.  Access the
documents below and the Prospectus via the Library section
of your stock account or visit Intels intranet: Circuit,
select Circuit > Employee Services > Stock.  A paper copy
is available upon request.

To read and print the terms and conditions of your grant
agreement, select the link below.

Terms and Conditions

The most recent Intel Corporation Annual Report to
Stockholders can be found at
www.intc.com/intel/finance/annual.htm

By accepting the terms and conditions of the above grant
agreement, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to
all of the terms and conditions set forth above.

If you decide to reject the terms and conditions of the
grant, your grant will be cancelled.

You make your decision at a later time by selection the
Decide Later button.

Please select one of the following actions.  You will be
asked to confirm your selection on the following page.

	Accept		Reject		Decide Later



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>exh1014.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 14
<TEXT>
                                                     Exhibit 10.14

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                   2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

STANDARD  TERMS  AND  CONDITIONS RELATING TO NON-QUALIFIED  STOCK
OPTIONS  GRANTED  ON  AND  AFTER MAY 17,  2006  UNDER  THE  INTEL
CORPORATION 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (standard option program)

1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     The following standard terms and conditions ("Standard
     Terms") apply to Non-Qualified Stock Options granted to U.S.
     employees under the Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive
     Plan (the "2006 Plan") (other than grants made under the SOP
     Plus or ELTSOP programs).

2.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     The option is not intended to be an incentive stock option
     under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

3.   OPTION PRICE

     The exercise price of the option (the "option price") is
     100% of the market value of the common stock of Intel
     Corporation ("Intel" or the "Corporation"), $.001 par value
     (the "Common Stock"), on the date of grant, as specified in
     the Notice of Grant.  "Market value" means the average of
     the highest and lowest sales prices of the Common Stock as
     reported by NASDAQ.

4.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To the extent the option has become exercisable (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and has
     not been previously exercised, and subject to termination or
     acceleration as provided in these Standard Terms and the
     requirements of these Standard Terms, the Notice of Grant
     and the 2006 Plan, you may exercise the option to purchase
     up to the number of shares of the Common Stock set forth in
     the Notice of Grant.  Notwithstanding anything to the
     contrary in Section 5 or Sections 7 through 10 hereof, no
     part of the option may be exercised after seven (7) years
     from the date of grant.

     The process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is governed by these Standard Terms, the Notice of Grant,
     the 2006 Plan and your agreements with Intel's stock plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash, (b) by arrangement with Intel's stock plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel

<PAGE>

     where payment of
     the option price is made pursuant to an irrevocable
     direction to the broker to deliver all or part of the
     proceeds from the sale of the shares of the Common Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery of any
     other lawful consideration approved in advance by the
     Committee of the Board of Directors of Intel established
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the "Committee") or its delegate,
     or (d) in any combination of the foregoing.  Fractional
     shares may not be exercised.  Shares of the Common Stock
     will be issued as soon as practicable.  You will have the
     rights of a stockholder only after the shares of the Common
     Stock have been issued.  For administrative or other
     reasons, Intel may from time to time suspend the ability of
     employees to exercise options for limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be obligated to
     deliver any shares of the Common Stock during any period
     when Intel determines that the exercisability of the option
     or the delivery of shares hereunder would violate any
     federal, state or other applicable laws.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Standard
     Terms or the applicable Notice of Grant, Intel may reduce
     your unvested options if you change classification from a
     full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     IF AN EXPIRATION DATE DESCRIBED HEREIN FALLS ON A WEEKDAY,
     YOU MUST EXERCISE YOUR OPTIONS BEFORE 3:45 P.M. NEW YORK
     TIME ON THE EXPIRATION DATE.

     IF AN EXPIRATION DATE DESCRIBED HEREIN FALLS ON A WEEKEND OR
     ANY OTHER DAY ON WHICH THE NASDAQ STOCK MARKET ("NASDAQ") IS
     NOT OPEN, YOU MUST EXERCISE YOUR OPTIONS BEFORE 3:45 P.M.
     NEW YORK TIME ON THE LAST NASDAQ BUSINESS DAY PRIOR TO THE
     EXPIRATION DATE.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in by these Standard
          Terms, if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"), the
          option will be exercisable only to the extent and during the
          times specified in this Section 5:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less, you may
               exercise any part of the option that vested prior to the
               commencement of the PLOA at any time during the PLOA.  If
               the duration of the PLOA is greater than 365 days, any part
               of the option that had vested prior to the commencement of
               the PLOA and that has not been exercised will terminate on
               the 365th day of the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:


<PAGE>

              a.   The exercisability of any part of the option that would
                    have vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                    first day that you return to work (i.e., the date that
                    the PLOA is terminated); and

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at the
                    commencement of the PLOA and would not have vested
                    during the PLOA shall vest in accordance with the normal
                    schedule indicated in the Notice of Grant and shall not
                    be affected by the PLOA.

          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the exercisability of each part of the option
               scheduled to vest after commencement of the PLOA shall be
               deferred for a period of time equal to the duration of the
               PLOA.  If you terminate employment after returning from the
               PLOA but prior to the end of such deferral period, you shall
               have no right to exercise any unvested portion of the
               option, except to the extent provided otherwise in Sections
               8 through 10 hereof, and such option shall terminate as of
               the date that your employment terminates.

          (4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA:

               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested prior to the
                    commencement of the PLOA shall be exercisable in
                    accordance with Sections 7 through 10 hereof, as
                    applicable; and

               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested prior
                    to the commencement of the PLOA shall terminate,
                    except to the extent provided otherwise in Sections
                    8 through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other than
          a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of your
          options shall be unaffected by such absence and will vest
          in accordance with the schedule set forth in the Notice of
          Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If you have allegedly committed an act of misconduct as
     defined in the 2006 Plan, including, but not limited to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure of
     trade secrets or confidential information, breach of
     fiduciary duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed to the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in the 2006
     Plan, may suspend your right to exercise the option, pending
     a decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors, as the
     case may be) or an Authorized Officer to terminate the
     option.  The option cannot be exercised during such
     suspension or after such termination.


<PAGE>



7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in by these Standard
     Terms, if your employment by the Corporation terminates for
     any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     death, Disablement (defined below), Retirement (defined
     below) or discharge for misconduct, you may exercise any
     portion of the option that had vested on or prior to the
     date of termination at any time prior to ninety (90) days
     after the date of such termination.  The option shall
     terminate on the 90th day to the extent that it is
     unexercised.  All unvested stock options shall be cancelled
     on the date of employment termination, regardless of whether
     such employment termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For purposes of this Section 7, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from Intel or a Subsidiary, you are
     rehired by Intel or a Subsidiary on a basis that would make
     you eligible for future Intel stock option grants, nor would
     your transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any one
     Subsidiary to another, or from a Subsidiary to Intel be
     deemed a termination of employment.  Further, your
     employment with any partnership, joint venture or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary in
     which Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a) the
     entity is designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in by these Standard
     Terms, if you die while employed by the Corporation, the
     executor of your will, administrator of your estate or any
     successor trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the
     option, to the extent not previously exercised and whether
     or not vested on the date of death, at any time prior to 365
     days from the date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in by these Standard
     Terms, if you die prior to ninety (90) days after
     terminating your employment with the Corporation, the
     executor of your will or administrator of your estate may
     exercise the option, to the extent not previously exercised
     and to the extent the option had vested on or prior to the
     date of your employment termination, at any time prior to
     365 days from the date of your employment termination.

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described in this Section 8, to the extent that it is
     unexercised.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except  as  expressly provided otherwise in  these  Standard
     Terms,  following  your termination  of  employment  due  to
     Disablement, you may exercise the option, to

<PAGE>

     the extent  not
     previously  exercised  and whether or  not  the  option  had
     vested on or prior to the date of employment termination, at
     any  time  prior to 365 days from the later of the  date  of
     your  termination of employment due to your  Disablement  or
     the  date  of determination of your Disablement as described
     in  this Section 9; provided, however, that while the  claim
     of  Disablement  is pending, options that were  unvested  at
     termination  of employment may not be exercised and  options
     that  were  vested  at  termination  of  employment  may  be
     exercised  only  during the period set forth  in  Section  7
     hereof.   The option shall terminate on the 365th  day  from
     the date of determination of Disablement, to the extent that
     it  is  unexercised.  For purposes of these Standard  Terms,
     "Disablement"  shall  be determined in accordance  with  the
     standards  and  procedures  of the  then-current  Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary that employs you, and in the event you are not  a
     participant  in  a  then-current Long Term  Disability  Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs
     you,   "Disablement"  shall  have  the   same   meaning   as
     disablement  is  defined in the Intel Long  Term  Disability
     Plan,  which is generally a physical condition arising  from
     an  illness or injury, which renders an individual incapable
     of  performing work in any occupation, as determined by  the
     Corporation.

10.  RETIREMENT

     For purposes of by these Standard Terms, "Retirement" shall
     mean either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the
     Rule of 75 (as defined below).  Following your Retirement,
     the vesting of the option, to the extent that it had not
     vested on or prior to the date of your Retirement, shall be
     accelerated as follows:

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          you will receive one year of additional vesting from your
          date of Retirement for every five (5) years that you have
          been employed by the Corporation (measured in complete,
          whole years). No vesting acceleration shall occur for
          any periods of employment of less than five (5) years; or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with Intel, your age plus
          years of service (in each case measured in complete, whole
          years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of 75"), you will receive
          accelerated vesting of any portion of the option that would
          have vested prior to 365 days from the date of your
          Retirement.

     You will receive vesting acceleration pursuant to either
     Standard Retirement or the Rule of 75, but not both.  Except
     as expressly provided otherwise in by these Standard Terms,
     following your Retirement from the Corporation, you may
     exercise the option at any time prior to 365 days from the
     date of your Retirement, to the extent that it had vested as
     of the date of your Retirement or to the extent that vesting
     of the option is accelerated pursuant to this Section 10.
     The option shall terminate on the 365th day from your date
     of Retirement, to the extent that it is unexercised.

11.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

<PAGE>


     Nonqualified stock options are taxable upon exercise.  To
     the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to Intel for
     the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that
     arise by reason of an option exercise and, if applicable,
     any sale of shares of the Common Stock.  Intel shall not be
     required to issue shares of the Common Stock or to recognize
     any purported transfer of shares of the Common Stock until
     such obligations are satisfied.  The Committee may permit
     these obligations to be satisfied by having Intel withhold a
     portion of the shares of the Common Stock that otherwise
     would be issued to you upon exercise of the option, or to
     the extent permitted by the Committee, by tendering shares
     of the Common Stock previously acquired.

12.  TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, each option
     shall be transferable only

     (a)  pursuant to your will or upon your death to your
          beneficiaries, or

     (b)  by gift to your Immediate Family (defined below),
          partnerships whose only partners are you or members of your
          Immediate Family, limited liability companies whose only
          shareholders are you or members of your Immediate Family, or
          trusts established solely for the benefit of you or members of
          your Immediate Family, or

     (c)  by gift to a foundation in which you and/or members of your
          Immediate Family control the management of the foundation's
          assets.

     For purposes of these Standard Terms, "Immediate Family" is
     defined as your spouse or domestic partner, children,
     grandchildren, parents, or siblings.

     With respect to transfers by gift under subsection (b),
     options are transferable whether vested or not at the time
     of transfer.  With respect to transfers by gift under
     subsection (c), options are transferable only to the extent
     the options are vested at the time of transfer. Any
     purported assignment, transfer or encumbrance that does not
     qualify under subsections (a), (b) and (c) above shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     Any option transferred by you pursuant to this section shall
     not be transferable by the recipient except by will or the
     laws of descent and distribution.

     The transferability of options is subject to any applicable
     laws of your country of residence or employment.

13.  DISPUTES

     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.


<PAGE>

14.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and the option may be amended or altered by
     the Committee or the Board of Directors of Intel to the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

15.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The provisions of these Standard Terms and the 2006 Plan are
          incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.  You hereby
          acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available
          to you.  Certain capitalized terms used in these Standard Terms
          are defined in the 2006 Plan.

          These Standard Terms, the Notice of Grant and the 2006
          Plan constitute the entire understanding between you
          and the Corporation regarding the option.  Any prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the
          option are superseded.

          The grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or at any time, does not obligate Intel or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          Intel or any Subsidiary might make a grant in any
          future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if any)
          with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of these Standard Terms,
          if any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules
          applicable to the options covered by these Standard Terms shall
          occur which, in the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an
          adverse effect on the reported earnings, assets or liabilities
          of the Corporation, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
          modify these Standard Terms or cancel and cause a forfeiture with
          respect to any unvested options at the time of such
          determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in these Standard Terms creates or implies
          an employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock of
          Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your country of
          residence or employment, only authorized but unissued shares
          thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon exercise by the
          holder in accord with the terms hereof.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

<PAGE>


     (g)  Because these Standard Terms relate to terms and conditions
          under which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a Delaware
          corporation, an essential term of these Standard Terms is that it
          shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without
          regard to choice of law principles of Delaware or other
          jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to these
          Standard Terms or the option granted hereunder shall be brought
          in the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction in the
          State of California.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>exh1015.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 15
<TEXT>
                                                     Exhibit 10.15

                        INTEL CORPORATION
               NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
(for options granted after May 17, 2006 under the standard option
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     This Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (this "Agreement"),
     the Notice of Grant of Stock Options delivered herewith (the
     "Notice  of  Grant") and the Intel Corporation  2006  Equity
     Incentive  Plan  (the "2006 Plan"), as such may  be  amended
     from  time  to  time,  set forth the terms  of  your  option
     identified  in  the Notice of Grant.  As  used  herein,  the
     "Corporation"   shall   mean  Intel  Corporation   and   its
     Subsidiaries.

2.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     This  option is not intended to be an incentive stock option
     under  Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

3.   OPTION PRICE

     The  exercise price of this option (the "option  price")  is
     100%  of  the  market  value of the common  stock  of  Intel
     Corporation ("Intel"), $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     on  the  date of grant, as specified in the Notice of Grant.
     "Market  value" means the average of the highest and  lowest
     sales prices of the Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ.

4.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To  the  extent  the option has become exercisable  (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and  has
     not been previously exercised, and subject to termination or
     acceleration   as  provided  in  this  Agreement   and   the
     requirements of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the
     2006 Plan, you may exercise the option to purchase up to the
     number of shares of the Common Stock set forth in the Notice
     of  Grant.   Notwithstanding anything  to  the  contrary  in
     Section  5 or Sections 7 through 10 hereof, no part  of  the
     option may be exercised after seven (7) years from the  date
     of grant.

     The  process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is governed by this Agreement, the Notice of Grant, the 2006
     Plan   and   your   agreements  with  Intel's

<PAGE>

     stock   plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash,   (b)   by   arrangement  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel where payment  of
     the   option  price  is  made  pursuant  to  an  irrevocable
     direction  to  the  broker to deliver all  or  part  of  the
     proceeds  from  the sale of the shares of the  Common  Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery  of  any
     other  lawful  consideration  approved  in  advance  by  the
     Committee  of  the  Board of Directors of Intel  established
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the "Committee") or its delegate,
     or  (d)  in  any  combination of the foregoing.   Fractional
     shares  may  not be exercised.  Shares of the  Common  Stock
     will  be  issued as soon as practicable.  You will have  the
     rights  of a stockholder only after the shares of the Common
     Stock have been issued. For administrative or other reasons,
     Intel may from time to time suspend the ability of employees
     to exercise options for limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be  obligated  to
     deliver  any shares of the Common Stock if such delivery  is
     prohibited by the laws of the United States or your  country
     of  residence or employment.  If such delivery is prohibited
     at  the  time  that all or part of the option is  exercised,
     then  such  exercise  may be made only  in  accordance  with
     Intel's   "cashless  exercise"  procedure,  to  the   extent
     permitted  under  the  laws of the United  States  and  your
     country of residence or employment.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in  this  Agreement
     or  the  applicable Notice of Grant, Intel may  reduce  your
     unvested options if you change classification from  a  full-
     time employee to a part-time employee.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement,
          if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"), the
          option will be exercisable only to the extent and during
          the times specified in this Section 5:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less, you
               may exercise any part of the option that vested prior
               to the commencement of the PLOA at any time during the
               PLOA.  If the duration of the PLOA is greater than 365
               days, any part of the option that had vested prior to
               the commencement of the PLOA and that has not been
               exercised will terminate on the 365th day of the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
               days:

               a.   The exercisability of any part of the option that
                    would have vested during the PLOA shall be
                    deferred until the first day that you return to
                    work (i.e., the date that the PLOA is terminated);
                    and


<PAGE>

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at the
                    commencement of the PLOA and would not have vested
                    during the PLOA will vest in accordance with the
                    normal schedule indicated in the Notice of Grant
                    and shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty
               (30) days, the exercisability of each part of the option
               scheduled to vest after commencement of the PLOA shall
               be deferred for a period of time equal to the duration
               of the PLOA.  If you terminate employment after returning
               from the PLOA but prior to the end of such deferral
               period, you shall have no right to exercise any unvested
               portion of the option, except to the extent
               provided otherwise in Sections 8 through 10 hereof,
               and such option shall terminate as of the date that your
               employment terminates.

         (4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
              PLOA:

               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested prior
                    to the commencement of the PLOA shall be exercisable
                    in accordance with Sections 7 through 10 hereof, as
                    applicable; and

               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested prior
                    to the commencement of the PLOA shall terminate,
                    except to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 8
                    through 10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other than
          a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of your options
          shall be unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance
          with the schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If  you  have  allegedly committed an act of  misconduct  as
     defined  in  the 2006 Plan, including, but not  limited  to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure  of
     trade   secrets  or  confidential  information,  breach   of
     fiduciary  duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed  to  the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in  the  2006
     Plan, may suspend your right to exercise the option, pending
     a  decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors, as  the
     case  may  be)  or  an Authorized Officer to  terminate  the
     option.    The  option  cannot  be  exercised  during   such
     suspension or after such termination.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your  employment  by  the  Corporation  terminates  for  any
     reason,  whether  voluntarily or involuntarily,  other  than
     death,  Disablement  (defined  below),  Retirement  (defined
     below)  or

<PAGE>

     discharge for misconduct, you may  exercise  any
     portion  of  the option that had vested on or prior  to  the
     date  of  termination at any time prior to ninety (90)  days
     after  the  date  of  such termination.   The  option  shall
     terminate  on  the  90th  day  to  the  extent  that  it  is
     unexercised.  All unvested stock options shall be  cancelled
     on the date of employment termination, regardless of whether
     such employment termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For  purposes  of  this Section 7, your  employment  is  not
     deemed  terminated if, prior to sixty (60)  days  after  the
     date of termination from the Corporation, you are rehired by
     Intel  or  a  Subsidiary  on a basis  that  would  make  you
     eligible  for  future Intel stock option grants,  nor  would
     your  transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any  one
     Subsidiary  to  another, or from a Subsidiary  to  Intel  be
     deemed   a   termination  of  employment.    Further,   your
     employment   with   any  partnership,   joint   venture   or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary  in
     which  Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be  considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a)  the
     entity  is  designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary  for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated  as  an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die while employed by the Corporation, the executor  of
     your  will,  administrator of your estate or  any  successor
     trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the option,  to  the
     extent not previously exercised and whether or not vested on
     the  date  of death, at any time prior to 365 days from  the
     date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die prior to ninety (90) days after termination of your
     employment with the Corporation, the executor of  your  will
     or  administrator of your estate may exercise the option, to
     the  extent  not previously exercised and to the extent  the
     option had vested on or prior to the date of your employment
     termination, at any time prior to 365 days from the date  of
     your employment termination.

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described  in  this  Section 8, to the  extent  that  it  is
     unexercised.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except  as  expressly provided otherwise in this  Agreement,
     following your termination of employment due to Disablement,
     you  may  exercise the option, to the extent not  previously
     exercised  and whether or not the option had  vested  on  or
     prior  to  the date of employment termination, at  any  time
     prior  to  365  days  from the later of  the  date  of  your
     termination  of  employment due to your Disablement  or  the
     date  of  determination of your Disablement as described  in
     this  Section 9; provided, however, that while the claim  of
     Disablement  is  pending,  options  that  were  unvested  at
     termination  of employment may not be exercised and  options

<PAGE>

     that  were  vested  at  termination  of  employment  may  be
     exercised  only  during the period set forth  in  Section  7
     hereof.   The option shall terminate on the 365th  day  from
     the date of determination of Disablement, to the extent that
     it   is   unexercised.   For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,
     "Disablement"  shall  be determined in accordance  with  the
     standards  and  procedures  of the  then-current  Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary that employs you, and in the event you are not  a
     participant  in  a  then-current Long Term  Disability  Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs
     you,   "Disablement"  shall  have  the   same   meaning   as
     disablement  is  defined in the Intel Long  Term  Disability
     Plan,  which is generally a physical condition arising  from
     an  illness or injury, which renders an individual incapable
     of  performing work in any occupation, as determined by  the
     Corporation.

10.  RETIREMENT

     For  purposes  of  this Agreement, "Retirement"  shall  mean
     either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the Rule of
     75  (as  defined  below).  Following  your  Retirement,  the
     vesting of the option, to the extent that it had not  vested
     on  or  prior  to  the  date of your  Retirement,  shall  be
     accelerated as follows:

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          you will receive one year of additional vesting from your
          date of Retirement for every five (5) years that you have
          been employed by the Corporation (measured in complete,
           whole years). No vesting acceleration shall occur for
          any periods of employment of less than five (5) years; or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the Corporation, your
          age plus years of service (in each case measured in complete,
          whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of 75"), you will
          receive accelerated vesting of any portion of the option that
          would have vested prior to 365 days from the date of your
          Retirement.

     You  will  receive vesting acceleration pursuant  to  either
     Standard Retirement or the Rule of 75, but not both.  Except
     as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, following
     your  Retirement from the Corporation, you may exercise  the
     option  at any time prior to 365 days from the date of  your
     Retirement, to the extent that it had vested as of the  date
     of  your  Retirement or to the extent that  vesting  of  the
     option  is  accelerated pursuant to this  Section  10.   The
     option  shall terminate on the 365th day from your  date  of
     Retirement, to the extent that it is unexercised.

11.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     You  will be subject to taxation in accordance with the  tax
     laws of the country where you are resident or employed.   If
     you  are  an  U.S. citizen or expatriate, you  may  also  be
     subject  to  U.S.  tax  laws.  To  the  extent  required  by
     applicable federal, state, local or foreign law,  you  shall
     make  arrangements satisfactory to

<PAGE>

     Intel (or the  Subsidiary
     that  employs  you, if your Subsidiary is  involved  in  the
     administration of the 2006 Plan) for the satisfaction of any
     withholding  tax  obligations that arise  by  reason  of  an
     option  exercise or any sale of shares of the Common  Stock.
     Intel  shall not be required to issue shares of  the  Common
     Stock  or  to recognize any purported transfer of shares  of
     the  Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.  The
     Committee  may permit these obligations to be  satisfied  by
     having  Intel withhold a portion of the shares of the Common
     Stock that otherwise would be issued to you upon exercise of
     the option, or to the extent permitted by the Committee,  by
     tendering shares of the Common Stock previously acquired.

12.     NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     You  may not assign or transfer this option to anyone except
     pursuant   to  your  will  or  upon  your  death   to   your
     beneficiaries. The transferability of options is subject  to
     any  applicable  laws  of  your  country  of  residence   or
     employment.

13.      DISPUTES

     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.

14.  AMENDMENTS

     The  2006  Plan and the option may be amended or altered  by
     the  Committee  or the Board of Directors of  Intel  to  the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

15.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections

<PAGE>

     than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit  any  shares  of Common Stock  acquired  under  your
     options.  You hereby understand that Data will be held  only
     as  long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage
     your  participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand
     that  you  may,  at any time, view Data, request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

16.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The  provisions of this Agreement and the 2006 Plan are
          incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.  You
          hereby acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been
          made available to you.  Certain capitalized terms used
          in this Agreement are defined in the 2006 Plan.

          This  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006  Plan
          constitute the entire understanding between you and the
          Corporation   regarding   the   option.    Any    prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning  the
          option are superseded.

          The  grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or  at  any  time,  does  not  obligate  Intel  or  any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation  that
          Intel  or  any  Subsidiary might make a  grant  in  any
          future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if any)
          with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes,
          including for purposes of computing severance pay or other
          termination compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules
          applicable to the options covered by this Agreement shall occur
          which, in the sole judgment of the Committee,

<PAGE>

          may have an
          adverse effect on the reported earnings, assets or liabilities
          of the Corporation, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
          modify this Agreement or cancel and cause a forfeiture with
          respect to any unvested options at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an

          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may

          rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock of
          Intel, and as required by the laws of your country of residence
          or employment, only authorized but unissued shares thereof shall
          be utilized for delivery upon exercise by the holder in accord
          with the terms hereof.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders

          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest

          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the

          Corporation's business office.

     (g)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a Delaware
          corporation, an essential term of this Agreement is that it shall
          be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
          to choice of law principles of Delaware or other jurisdictions.
          Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the
          option granted hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal
          courts of competent jurisdiction in the State of California.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>exh1016.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 16
<TEXT>
                                                     Exhibit 10.16

                        INTEL CORPORATION
               NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
(for options granted after May 17, 2006 under the standard option
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     This Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (this "Agreement"),
     the Notice of Grant of Stock Options delivered herewith (the
     "Notice  of  Grant") and the Intel Corporation  2006  Equity
     Incentive  Plan  (the "2006 Plan"), as such may  be  amended
     from  time  to  time,  set forth the terms  of  your  option
     identified  in  the Notice of Grant.  As  used  herein,  the
     "Corporation"   shall   mean  Intel  Corporation   and   its
     Subsidiaries.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If you fail to electronically sign this Agreement within 180
     days  of the Grant Date, the options subject to your  Notice
     of  Grant  will  be cancelled, except as determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.  Signing this  agreement
     does not obligate you to exercise the option or purchase any
     shares.

3.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     This  option is not intended to be an incentive stock option
     under  Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

4.   OPTION PRICE

     The  exercise price of this option (the "option  price")  is
     100%  of  the  market  value of the common  stock  of  Intel
     Corporation ("Intel"), $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     on  the  date of grant, as specified in the Notice of Grant.
     "Market  value" means the average of the highest and  lowest
     sales prices of the Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ.

5.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To  the  extent  the option has become exercisable  (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and  has
     not been previously exercised, and subject to termination or
     acceleration   as  provided  in  this  Agreement   and   the
     requirements of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the
     2006 Plan, you may

<PAGE>

     exercise the option to purchase up to the
     number of shares of the Common Stock set forth in the Notice
     of  Grant.   Notwithstanding anything  to  the  contrary  in
     Section  6 or Sections 8 through 11 hereof, no part  of  the
     option may be exercised after seven (7) years from the  date
     of grant.

     The  process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is governed by this Agreement, the Notice of Grant, the 2006
     Plan   and   your   agreements  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash,   (b)   by   arrangement  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel where payment  of
     the   option  price  is  made  pursuant  to  an  irrevocable
     direction  to  the  broker to deliver all  or  part  of  the
     proceeds  from  the sale of the shares of the  Common  Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery  of  any
     other  lawful  consideration  approved  in  advance  by  the
     Committee  of  the  Board of Directors of Intel  established
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the "Committee") or its delegate,
     or  (d)  in  any  combination of the foregoing.   Fractional
     shares  may  not be exercised.  Shares of the  Common  Stock
     will  be  issued as soon as practicable.  You will have  the
     rights  of a stockholder only after the shares of the Common
     Stock have been issued. For administrative or other reasons,
     Intel may from time to time suspend the ability of employees
     to exercise options for limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be  obligated  to
     deliver  any shares of the Common Stock if such delivery  is
     prohibited  by  the  laws of the U.S.  or  your  country  of
     residence or employment.  If such delivery is prohibited  at
     the  time that all or part of the option is exercised,  then
     such  exercise may be made only in accordance  with  Intel's
     "cashless exercise" procedure, to the extent permitted under
     the  laws of the United States and your country of residence
     or employment.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
     or the applicable Notice of Grant, Intel may reduce your
     unvested options if you change classification from a full-
     time employee to a part-time employee.

6.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)    Except  as  expressly  provided  otherwise  in   this
     Agreement, if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"),
     the option will be exercisable only to the extent and during
     the times specified in this Section 6:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less,
               you may exercise any part of the option that vested
               prior to the commencement of the PLOA at any time
               during the PLOA.  If the duration of the PLOA is
               greater than 365 days, any part of the option that had
               vested prior to the commencement of the PLOA and
               that has not been exercised will terminate on the
               365th day of the PLOA.


<PAGE>

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
               days:

               a.   The exercisability of any part of the option that
                    would have vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until
                    the first day that you return to work (i.e., the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated); and

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at the
                    commencement of the PLOA and would not have vested
                    during the PLOA will vest in accordance with the
                    normal schedule indicated in the Notice of Grant and
                    shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the exercisability of each part of the option
               scheduled to vest after commencement of the PLOA shall be
               deferred for a period of time equal to the duration of the
               PLOA.  If you terminate employment after returning from the
               PLOA but prior to the end of such deferral period, you shall
               have no right to exercise any unvested portion of the option,
               except to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9
               through 11 hereof, and such option shall terminate as of the
               date that your employment terminates.

           (4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
                PLOA:

               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested prior to the
                    commencement of the PLOA shall be exercisable in
                    accordance with Sections 8 through 11 hereof, as
                    applicable; and

               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested prior
                    to the commencement of the PLOA shall terminate, except
                    to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9 through
                    11 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other than
          a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of your options
          shall be unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance
          with the schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

7.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If  you  have  allegedly committed an act of  misconduct  as
     defined  in  the 2006 Plan, including, but not  limited  to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure  of
     trade   secrets  or  confidential  information,  breach   of
     fiduciary  duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed  to  the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in  the  2006
     Plan, may suspend your right to exercise the option, pending
     a  decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors,

<PAGE>

     as  the
     case  may  be)  or  an Authorized Officer to  terminate  the
     option.    The  option  cannot  be  exercised  during   such
     suspension or after such termination.

8.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     death, Disablement (defined below), Retirement (defined
     below) or discharge for misconduct, you may exercise any
     portion of the option that had vested on or prior to the
     date of termination at any time prior to ninety (90) days
     after the date of such termination.  The option shall
     terminate on the 90th day to the extent that it is
     unexercised.  All unvested stock options shall be cancelled
     on the date of employment termination, regardless of whether
     such employment termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For  purposes  of  this Section 8, your  employment  is  not
     deemed  terminated if, prior to sixty (60)  days  after  the
     date of termination from the Corporation, you are rehired by
     Intel  or  a  Subsidiary  on a basis  that  would  make  you
     eligible  for  future Intel stock option grants,  nor  would
     your  transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any  one
     Subsidiary  to  another, or from a Subsidiary  to  Intel  be
     deemed   a   termination  of  employment.    Further,   your
     employment   with   any  partnership,   joint   venture   or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary  in
     which  Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be  considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a)  the
     entity  is  designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary  for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated  as  an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

9.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die while employed by the Corporation, the executor  of
     your  will,  administrator of your estate or  any  successor
     trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the option,  to  the
     extent not previously exercised and whether or not vested on
     the  date  of death, at any time prior to 365 days from  the
     date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die prior to ninety (90) days after termination of your
     employment with the Corporation, the executor of  your  will
     or  administrator of your estate may exercise the option, to
     the  extent  not previously exercised and to the extent  the
     option had vested on or prior to the date of your employment
     termination, at any time prior to 365 days from the date  of
     your employment termination.

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described in this Section 9, to the extent that it is
     unexercised.


<PAGE>

10.  DISABILITY

     Except  as  expressly provided otherwise in this  Agreement,
     following your termination of employment due to Disablement,
     you  may  exercise the option, to the extent not  previously
     exercised  and whether or not the option had  vested  on  or
     prior  to  the date of employment termination, at  any  time
     prior  to  365  days  from the later of  the  date  of  your
     termination  of  employment due to your Disablement  or  the
     date  of  determination of your Disablement as described  in
     this Section 10; provided, however, that while the claim  of
     Disablement  is  pending,  options  that  were  unvested  at
     termination  of employment may not be exercised and  options
     that  were  vested  at  termination  of  employment  may  be
     exercised  only  during the period set forth  in  Section  8
     hereof.   The option shall terminate on the 365th  day  from
     the date of determination of Disablement, to the extent that
     it   is   unexercised.   For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,
     "Disablement"  shall  be determined in accordance  with  the
     standards  and  procedures  of the  then-current  Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary that employs you, and in the event you are not  a
     participant  in  a  then-current Long Term  Disability  Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs
     you,   "Disablement"  shall  have  the   same   meaning   as
     disablement  is  defined in the Intel Long  Term  Disability
     Plan,  which is generally a physical condition arising  from
     an  illness or injury, which renders an individual incapable
     of  performing work in any occupation, as determined by  the
     Corporation.

11.  RETIREMENT

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" shall mean
     either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the Rule of
     75 (as defined below).  Following your Retirement, the
     vesting of the option, to the extent that it had not vested
     on or prior to the date of your Retirement, shall be
     accelerated as follows:

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          you will receive one year of additional vesting from your
          date of Retirement for every five (5) years that you have
          been employed by the Corporation (measured in complete,
          whole years). No vesting acceleration shall occur for any
          periods of employment of less than five (5) years; or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the Corporation, your
          age plus years of service (in each case measured in complete,
          whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of 75"), you will
          receive accelerated vesting of any portion of the option that
          would have vested prior to 365 days from the date of your
          Retirement.

     You  will  receive vesting acceleration pursuant  to  either
     Standard Retirement or the Rule of 75, but not both.  Except
     as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, following
     your  Retirement from the Corporation, you may exercise  the
     option  at any time prior to 365 days from the date of  your
     Retirement, to the extent that

<PAGE>

     it had vested as of the  date
     of  your  Retirement or to the extent that  vesting  of  the
     option  is  accelerated pursuant to this  Section  11.   The
     option  shall terminate on the 365th day from your  date  of
     Retirement, to the extent that it is unexercised.

12.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     You  will be subject to taxation in accordance with the  tax
     laws of the country where you are resident or employed.   If
     you  are  an  U.S. citizen or expatriate, you  may  also  be
     subject  to  U.S.  tax  laws.  To  the  extent  required  by
     applicable federal, state, local or foreign law,  you  shall
     make  arrangements satisfactory to Intel (or the  Subsidiary
     that  employs  you, if your Subsidiary is  involved  in  the
     administration of the 2006 Plan) for the satisfaction of any
     withholding  tax  obligations that arise  by  reason  of  an
     option  exercise or any sale of shares of the Common  Stock.
     Intel  shall not be required to issue shares of  the  Common
     Stock  or  to recognize any purported transfer of shares  of
     the  Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.  The
     Committee  may permit these obligations to be  satisfied  by
     having  Intel withhold a portion of the shares of the Common
     Stock that otherwise would be issued to you upon exercise of
     the option, or to the extent permitted by the Committee,  by
     tendering shares of the Common Stock previously acquired.

13.  NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     You  may not assign or transfer this option to anyone except
     pursuant   to  your  will  or  upon  your  death   to   your
     beneficiaries. The transferability of options is subject  to
     any  applicable  laws  of  your  country  of  residence   or
     employment.

14.  DISPUTES

     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.

15.  AMENDMENTS

     The  2006  Plan and the option may be amended or altered  by
     the  Committee  or the Board of Directors of  Intel  to  the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

16.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home

<PAGE>

     address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit  any  shares  of Common Stock  acquired  under  your
     options.  You hereby understand that Data will be held  only
     as  long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage
     your  participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand
     that  you  may,  at any time, view Data, request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

17.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The  provisions of this Agreement and the 2006 Plan are
          incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.  You
          hereby acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been
          made available to you.  Certain capitalized terms used
          in this Agreement are defined in the 2006 Plan.

          This  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006  Plan
          constitute the entire understanding between you and the
          Corporation   regarding   the   option.    Any    prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning  the
          option are superseded.

          The  grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or  at  any  time,  does  not  obligate  Intel  or  any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation  that

<PAGE>

          Intel  or  any  Subsidiary might make a  grant  in  any
          future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if any)
          with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes,
          including for purposes of computing severance pay or other
          termination compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the options covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in
          the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on
          the reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation,
          the Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement
          or cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested
          options at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock of
          Intel, and as required by the laws of your country of residence
          or employment, only authorized but unissued shares thereof shall
          be utilized for delivery upon exercise by the holder in accord
          with the terms hereof.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

     (g)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a Delaware
          corporation, an essential term of this Agreement is that it shall
          be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
          to choice of law principles of Delaware or other jurisdictions.
          Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the
          option granted hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal
          courts of competent jurisdiction in the State of California.



By  your  electronic signature, you and Intel  Corporation  agree
that  the options identified in your Notice of Grant are governed
by the terms of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant, and the 2006
Plan.   You further acknowledge that you have read and understand
the terms of the options set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO ELECTRONICALLY SIGN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT  DATE
WILL RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF THE OPTIONS (SEE SECTION 2 OF THIS
AGREEMENT).



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>exh1017.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 17
<TEXT>
                                                    Exhibit 10.17

                        INTEL CORPORATION
               NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
(for options granted after May 17, 2006 under the standard option
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     This Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (this "Agreement"),
     the Notice of Grant of Stock Options delivered herewith (the
     "Notice  of  Grant") and the Intel Corporation  2006  Equity
     Incentive  Plan  (the "2006 Plan"), as such may  be  amended
     from  time  to  time,  set forth the terms  of  your  option
     identified  in  the Notice of Grant.  As  used  herein,  the
     "Corporation"   shall   mean  Intel  Corporation   and   its
     Subsidiaries.

2.   SIGNATURE

     This   option  cannot  be  exercised  until  you  sign  this
     Agreement and return it to Intel Benefit Services.   If  you
     fail  to  sign this Agreement and return it to Intel Benefit
     Services within 180 days of the Grant Date, the option  will
     be cancelled, except as determined by the Corporation in its
     sole  discretion.  Signing this agreement does not  obligate
     you to exercise the option or purchase any shares.

3.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     This  option is not intended to be an incentive stock option
     under  Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

4.   OPTION PRICE

     The  exercise price of this option (the "option  price")  is
     100%  of  the  market  value of the common  stock  of  Intel
     Corporation ("Intel"), $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     on  the  date of grant, as specified in the Notice of Grant.
     "Market  value" means the average of the highest and  lowest
     sales prices of the Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ.

5.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To  the  extent  the option has become exercisable  (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and  has
     not been previously exercised, and subject to termination or
     acceleration   as  provided  in  this  Agreement   and   the

<PAGE>

     requirements of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the
     2006 Plan, you may exercise the option to purchase up to the
     number of shares of the Common Stock set forth in the Notice
     of  Grant.   Notwithstanding anything  to  the  contrary  in
     Section  6 or Sections 8 through 11 hereof, no part  of  the
     option may be exercised after seven (7) years from the  date
     of grant.

     The  process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is  governed by this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the
     2006  Plan  and by your agreements with Intel's  stock  plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash,   (b)   by   arrangement  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel where payment  of
     the   option  price  is  made  pursuant  to  an  irrevocable
     direction  to  the  broker to deliver all  or  part  of  the
     proceeds  from  the sale of the shares of the  Common  Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery  of  any
     other  lawful  consideration  approved  in  advance  by  the
     Committee  of  the  Board of Directors of Intel  established
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the "Committee") or its delegate,
     or  (d)  in  any  combination of the foregoing.   Fractional
     shares  may  not be exercised.  Shares of the  Common  Stock
     will  be  issued as soon as practicable.  You will have  the
     rights  of a stockholder only after the shares of the Common
     Stock have been issued. For administrative or other reasons,
     Intel may from time to time suspend the ability of employees
     to exercise options for limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be  obligated  to
     deliver  any shares of the Common Stock if such delivery  is
     prohibited  by  the  laws of the U.S.  or  your  country  of
     residence or employment.  If such delivery is prohibited  at
     the  time that all or part of the option is exercised,  then
     such  exercise may be made only in accordance  with  Intel's
     "cashless exercise" procedure, to the extent permitted under
     the  laws of the United States and your country of residence
     or employment.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
     or the applicable Notice of Grant, Intel may reduce your
     unvested options if you change classification from a full-
     time employee to a part-time employee.

6.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)   Except  as  expressly  provided  otherwise  in   this
           Agreement, if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"),
           the option will be exercisable only to the extent and during
           the times specified in this Section 6:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less, you may
               exercise any part of the option that vested prior to the
               commencement of the PLOA at any time during the PLOA.  If
               the duration of the PLOA is greater than 365 days, any part
               of the option that had vested prior to the commencement of
               the PLOA and that has not been exercised will terminate on
               the 365th day of the PLOA.

<PAGE>

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The exercisability of any part of the option that would
                    have vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                    first day that you return to work (i.e., the date that
                    the PLOA is terminated); and

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at the
                    commencement of the PLOA and would not have vested
                    during the PLOA will vest in accordance with the
                    normal schedule indicated in the Notice of Grant and
                    shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the exercisability of each part of the option scheduled
               to vest after commencement of the PLOA shall be deferred for
               a period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA.  If you
               terminate employment after returning from the PLOA but prior
               to the end of such deferral period, you shall have no right to
               exercise any unvested portion of the option, except to the
               extent provided otherwise in Sections 9 through 11 hereof, and
               such option shall terminate as of the date that your
               employment terminates.

          (4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA:

               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested prior to the
                    commencement of the PLOA shall be exercisable in
                    accordance with Sections 8 through 11 hereof, as
                    applicable; and

               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested prior to
                    the commencement of the PLOA shall terminate, except to
                    the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9 through 11
                    hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other than
          a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of your options
          shall be unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance
          with the schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

7.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If  you  have  allegedly committed an act of  misconduct  as
     defined  in  the 2006 Plan, including, but not  limited  to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure  of
     trade   secrets  or  confidential  information,  breach   of
     fiduciary  duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed  to  the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in  the  2006
     Plan, may suspend your right to exercise the option, pending
     a  decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors,

<PAGE>

     as  the
     case  may  be)  or  an Authorized Officer to  terminate  the
     option.    The  option  cannot  be  exercised  during   such
     suspension or after such termination.



8.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     death, Disablement (defined below), Retirement (defined
     below) or discharge for misconduct, you may exercise any
     portion of the option that had vested on or prior to the
     date of termination at any time prior to ninety (90) days
     after the date of such termination.  The option shall
     terminate on the 90th day to the extent that it is
     unexercised.  All unvested stock options shall be cancelled
     on the date of employment termination, regardless of whether
     such employment termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For  purposes  of  this Section 8, your  employment  is  not
     deemed  terminated if, prior to sixty (60)  days  after  the
     date of termination from the Corporation, you are rehired by
     Intel  or  a  Subsidiary  on a basis  that  would  make  you
     eligible  for  future Intel stock option grants,  nor  would
     your  transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any  one
     Subsidiary  to  another, or from a Subsidiary  to  Intel  be
     deemed   a   termination  of  employment.    Further,   your
     employment   with   any  partnership,   joint   venture   or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary  in
     which  Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be  considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a)  the
     entity  is  designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary  for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated  as  an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

9.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die while employed by the Corporation, the executor  of
     your  will,  administrator of your estate or  any  successor
     trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the option,  to  the
     extent not previously exercised and whether or not vested on
     the  date  of death, at any time prior to 365 days from  the
     date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die prior to ninety (90) days after termination of your
     employment with the Corporation, the executor of  your  will
     or  administrator of your estate may exercise the option, to
     the  extent  not previously exercised and to the extent  the
     option had vested on or prior to the date of your employment
     termination, at any time prior to 365 days from the date  of
     your employment termination.

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described in this Section 9, to the extent that it is
     unexercised.


<PAGE>

10.  DISABILITY

     Except  as  expressly provided otherwise in this  Agreement,
     following your termination of employment due to Disablement,
     you  may  exercise the option, to the extent not  previously
     exercised  and whether or not the option had  vested  on  or
     prior  to  the date of employment termination, at  any  time
     prior  to  365  days  from the later of  the  date  of  your
     termination  of  employment due to your Disablement  or  the
     date  of  determination of your Disablement as described  in
     this Section 10; provided, however, that while the claim  of
     Disablement  is  pending,  options  that  were  unvested  at
     termination  of employment may not be exercised and  options
     that  were  vested  at  termination  of  employment  may  be
     exercised  only  during the period set forth  in  Section  8
     hereof.   The option shall terminate on the 365th  day  from
     the date of determination of Disablement, to the extent that
     it   is   unexercised.   For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,
     "Disablement"  shall  be determined in accordance  with  the
     standards  and  procedures  of the  then-current  Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary that employs you, and in the event you are not  a
     participant  in  a  then-current Long Term  Disability  Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs
     you,   "Disablement"  shall  have  the   same   meaning   as
     disablement  is  defined in the Intel Long  Term  Disability
     Plan,  which is generally a physical condition arising  from
     an  illness or injury, which renders an individual incapable
     of  performing work in any occupation, as determined by  the
     Corporation.

11.  RETIREMENT

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" shall mean
     either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the Rule of
     75 (as defined below).  Following your Retirement, the
     vesting of the option, to the extent that it had not vested
     on or prior to the date of your Retirement, shall be
     accelerated as follows:

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          you will receive one year of additional vesting from your date
          of Retirement for every five (5) years that you have been
          employed by the Corporation (measured in complete, whole
          years). No vesting acceleration shall occur for any periods
          of employment of less than five (5) years; or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the Corporation, your
          age plus years of service (in each case measured in complete,
          whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of 75"), you will
          receive accelerated vesting of any portion of the option that
          would have vested prior to 365 days from the date of your
          Retirement.

     You  will  receive vesting acceleration pursuant  to  either
     Standard Retirement or the Rule of 75, but not both.  Except
     as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, following
     your  Retirement from the Corporation, you may exercise  the
     option  at any time prior to 365 days from the date of  your
     Retirement, to the extent that

<PAGE>

     it had vested as of the  date
     of  your  Retirement or to the extent that  vesting  of  the
     option  is  accelerated pursuant to this  Section  11.   The
     option  shall terminate on the 365th day from your  date  of
     Retirement, to the extent that it is unexercised.

12.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     You  will be subject to taxation in accordance with the  tax
     laws of the country where you are resident or employed.   If
     you  are  an  U.S. citizen or expatriate, you  may  also  be
     subject  to  U.S.  tax  laws.  To  the  extent  required  by
     applicable federal, state, local or foreign law,  you  shall
     make  arrangements satisfactory to Intel (or the  Subsidiary
     that  employs  you, if your Subsidiary is  involved  in  the
     administration of the 2006 Plan) for the satisfaction of any
     withholding  tax  obligations that arise  by  reason  of  an
     option  exercise or any sale of shares of the Common  Stock.
     Intel  shall not be required to issue shares of  the  Common
     Stock  or  to recognize any purported transfer of shares  of
     the  Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.  The
     Committee  may permit these obligations to be  satisfied  by
     having  Intel withhold a portion of the shares of the Common
     Stock that otherwise would be issued to you upon exercise of
     the option, or to the extent permitted by the Committee,  by
     tendering shares of the Common Stock previously acquired.

13.  NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     You  may not assign or transfer this option to anyone except
     pursuant   to  your  will  or  upon  your  death   to   your
     beneficiaries. The transferability of options is subject  to
     any  applicable  laws  of  your  country  of  residence   or
     employment.

14.  DISPUTES

     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.

15.  AMENDMENTS

     The  2006  Plan and the option may be amended or altered  by
     the  Committee  or the Board of Directors of  Intel  to  the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

16.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home

<PAGE>

     address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit  any  shares  of Common Stock  acquired  under  your
     options.  You hereby understand that Data will be held  only
     as  long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage
     your  participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand
     that  you  may,  at any time, view Data, request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.



17.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The  provisions of this Agreement and the 2006 Plan are
          incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.  You
          hereby acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been
          made available to you.  Certain capitalized terms used
          in this Agreement are defined in the 2006 Plan.

          This  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006  Plan
          constitute the entire understanding between you and the
          Corporation   regarding   the   option.    Any    prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning  the
          option are superseded.

          The  grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or  at  any  time,  does  not  obligate  Intel  or  any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future

<PAGE>

          year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation  that
          Intel  or  any  Subsidiary might make a  grant  in  any
          future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if any)
          with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes,
          including for purposes of computing severance pay or other
          termination compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the options covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in
          the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect
          on the reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the
          Corporation, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
          modify this Agreement or cancel and cause a forfeiture with
          respect to any unvested options at the time of such
          determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock of
          Intel, and as required by the laws of your country of residence
          or employment, only authorized but unissued shares thereof shall
          be utilized for delivery upon exercise by the holder in accord
          with the terms hereof.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

     (g)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a Delaware
          corporation, an essential term of this Agreement is that it shall
          be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
          to choice of law principles of Delaware or other jurisdictions.
          Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the
          option granted hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal
          courts of competent jurisdiction in the State of California.


By your signature below, you and Intel Corporation agree that the
options  identified in your Notice of Grant are governed  by  the
terms  of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant, and the 2006 Plan.
You  further  acknowledge that you have read and  understand  the
terms of the options set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO SIGN AND RETURN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT DATE WILL
RESULT  IN  CANCELLATION OF THE OPTIONS (SEE SECTION  2  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT).


<PAGE>


INTEL CORPORATION and

- -------------------           ---------------          -----------
Signature                     Employee Name            Date


- ----------                    ---------------
WWID                          Grant Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>exh1018.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 18
<TEXT>
                                                    Exhibit 10.18


                     INTEL KABUSHIKI KAISHA
               NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
(for options granted after May 17, 2006 under the standard option
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     This Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (this "Agreement"),
     the Notice of Grant of Stock Options delivered herewith (the
     "Notice  of  Grant") and the Intel Corporation  2006  Equity
     Incentive  Plan  (the "2006 Plan"), as such may  be  amended
     from  time  to  time,  set forth the terms  of  your  option
     identified  in  the Notice of Grant.  As  used  herein,  the
     "Corporation"   shall   mean  Intel  Corporation   and   its
     Subsidiaries.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If you fail to electronically sign this Agreement within 180
     days  of the Grant Date, the options subject to your  Notice
     of  Grant  will  be cancelled, except as determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.  Signing this  agreement
     does not obligate you to exercise the option or purchase any
     shares.

3.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     This  option is not intended to be an incentive stock option
     under  Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

4.   OPTION PRICE

     The  exercise price of this option (the "option  price")  is
     100%  of  the  market  value of the common  stock  of  Intel
     Corporation ("Intel"), $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     on  the  date of grant, as specified in the Notice of Grant.
     "Market  value" means the average of the highest and  lowest
     sales prices of the Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ.

5.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To  the  extent  the option has become exercisable  (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and  has
     not been previously exercised, and subject to termination or
     acceleration   as  provided  in  this  Agreement   and   the
     requirements of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the
     2006 Plan, you may

<PAGE>

     exercise the option to purchase up to the
     number of shares of the Common Stock set forth in the Notice
     of  Grant.   Notwithstanding anything  to  the  contrary  in
     Section  6 or Sections 8 through 11 hereof, no part  of  the
     option may be exercised after seven (7) years from the  date
     of grant.

     The  process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is governed by this Agreement, the Notice of Grant, the 2006
     Plan   and   your   agreements  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash,   (b)   by   arrangement  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel where payment  of
     the   option  price  is  made  pursuant  to  an  irrevocable
     direction  to  the  broker to deliver all  or  part  of  the
     proceeds  from  the sale of the shares of the  Common  Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery  of  any
     other  lawful  consideration  approved  in  advance  by  the
     Committee  of  the  Board of Directors of Intel  established
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the "Committee") or its delegate,
     or  (d)  in  any  combination of the foregoing.   Fractional
     shares  may  not be exercised.  Shares of the  Common  Stock
     will  be  issued as soon as practicable.  You will have  the
     rights  of a stockholder only after the shares of the Common
     Stock have been issued. For administrative or other reasons,
     Intel may from time to time suspend the ability of employees
     to exercise options for limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be  obligated  to
     deliver  any shares of the Common Stock if such delivery  is
     prohibited by the laws of the United States or your  country
     of  residence or employment.  If such delivery is prohibited
     at  the  time  that all or part of the option is  exercised,
     then  such  exercise  may be made only  in  accordance  with
     Intel's   "cashless  exercise"  procedure,  to  the   extent
     permitted  under  the  laws of the United  States  and  your
     country of residence or employment.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
     or the applicable Notice of Grant, Intel may reduce your
     unvested options if you change classification from a full-
     time employee to a part-time employee.

6.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement,
          if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"), the
          option will be exercisable only to the extent and during
          the times specified in this Section 6:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less, you may
               exercise any part of the option that vested prior to the
               commencement of the PLOA at any time during the PLOA.  If
               the duration of the PLOA is greater than 365 days, any part
               of the option that had vested prior to the commencement of
               the PLOA and that has not been exercised will terminate on
               the 365th day of the PLOA.


<PAGE>

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The exercisability of any part of the option that would
                    have vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                    first day that you return to work (i.e., the date that
                    the PLOA is terminated); and

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at the
                    commencement of the PLOA and would not have vested
                    during the PLOA will vest in accordance with the
                    normal schedule indicated in the Notice of Grant
                    and shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the exercisability of each part of the option scheduled to
               vest after commencement of the PLOA shall be deferred for a
               period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA.  If you
               terminate employment after returning from the PLOA but
               prior to the end of such deferral period, you shall have no
               right to exercise any unvested portion of the option, except
               to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9 through 11
               hereof, and such option shall terminate as of the date that
               your employment terminates.

          (4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA:

               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested prior to
                    the commencement of the PLOA shall be exercisable in
                    accordance with Sections 8 through 11 hereof, as
                    applicable; and

               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested prior
                    to the commencement of the PLOA shall terminate, except
                    to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9 through
                    11 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other than
          a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of your options
          shall be unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance
          with the schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

7.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If  you  have  allegedly committed an act of  misconduct  as
     defined  in  the 2006 Plan, including, but not  limited  to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure  of
     trade   secrets  or  confidential  information,  breach   of
     fiduciary  duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed  to  the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in  the  2006
     Plan, may suspend your right to exercise the option, pending
     a  decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors,

<PAGE>

     as  the
     case  may  be)  or  an Authorized Officer to  terminate  the
     option.    The  option  cannot  be  exercised  during   such
     suspension or after such termination.

8.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     death, Disablement (defined below), Retirement (defined
     below) or discharge for misconduct, you may exercise any
     portion of the option that had vested on or prior to the
     date of termination at any time prior to ninety (90) days
     after the date of such termination.  The option shall
     terminate on the 90th day to the extent that it is
     unexercised.  All unvested stock options shall be cancelled
     on the date of employment termination, regardless of whether
     such employment termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For  purposes  of  this Section 8, your  employment  is  not
     deemed  terminated if, prior to sixty (60)  days  after  the
     date of termination from the Corporation, you are rehired by
     Intel  or  a  Subsidiary  on a basis  that  would  make  you
     eligible  for  future Intel stock option grants,  nor  would
     your  transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any  one
     Subsidiary  to  another, or from a Subsidiary  to  Intel  be
     deemed   a   termination  of  employment.    Further,   your
     employment   with   any  partnership,   joint   venture   or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary  in
     which  Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be  considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a)  the
     entity  is  designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary  for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated  as  an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

9.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die while employed by the Corporation, the executor  of
     your  will,  administrator of your estate or  any  successor
     trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the option,  to  the
     extent not previously exercised and whether or not vested on
     the  date  of death, at any time prior to 365 days from  the
     date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die prior to ninety (90) days after termination of your
     employment with the Corporation, the executor of  your  will
     or  administrator of your estate may exercise the option, to
     the  extent  not previously exercised and to the extent  the
     option had vested on or prior to the date of your employment
     termination, at any time prior to 365 days from the date  of
     your employment termination.

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described  in  this  Section 9, to the  extent  that  it  is
     unexercised.

10.  DISABILITY

<PAGE>


     Except  as  expressly provided otherwise in this  Agreement,
     following your termination of employment due to Disablement,
     you  may  exercise the option, to the extent not  previously
     exercised  and whether or not the option had  vested  on  or
     prior  to  the date of employment termination, at  any  time
     prior  to  365  days  from the later of  the  date  of  your
     termination  of  employment due to your Disablement  or  the
     date  of  determination of your Disablement as described  in
     this Section 10; provided, however, that while the claim  of
     Disablement  is  pending,  options  that  were  unvested  at
     termination  of employment may not be exercised and  options
     that  were  vested  at  termination  of  employment  may  be
     exercised  only  during the period set forth  in  Section  8
     hereof.   The option shall terminate on the 365th  day  from
     the date of determination of Disablement, to the extent that
     it   is   unexercised.   For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,
     "Disablement"  shall  be determined in accordance  with  the
     standards  and  procedures  of the  then-current  Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary that employs you, and in the event you are not  a
     participant  in  a  then-current Long Term  Disability  Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs
     you,   "Disablement"  shall  have  the   same   meaning   as
     disablement  is  defined in the Intel Long  Term  Disability
     Plan,  which is generally a physical condition arising  from
     an  illness or injury, which renders an individual incapable
     of  performing work in any occupation, as determined by  the
     Corporation.

11.  RETIREMENT

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" shall mean
     either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the Rule of
     75 (as defined below).  Following your Retirement, the
     vesting of the option, to the extent that it had not vested
     on or prior to the date of your Retirement, shall be
     accelerated as follows:

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"),
          you will receive one year of additional vesting from your
          date of Retirement for every five (5) years that you have
          been employed by the Corporation (measured in complete,
          whole years). No vesting acceleration shall occur for any
          periods of employment of less than five (5) years; or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the Corporation, your
          age plus years of service (in each case measured in complete,
          whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of 75"), you will
          receive accelerated vesting of any portion of the option that
          would have vested prior to 365 days from the date of your
          Retirement.

     You  will  receive vesting acceleration pursuant  to  either
     Standard Retirement or the Rule of 75, but not both.  Except
     as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, following
     your  Retirement from the Corporation, you may exercise  the
     option  at any time prior to 365 days from the date of  your
     Retirement, to the extent that it had vested as of the  date
     of  your  Retirement or to the extent that  vesting  of  the
     option  is  accelerated pursuant to this  Section  11.   The
     option  shall

<PAGE>

     terminate on the 365th day from your  date  of
     Retirement, to the extent that it is unexercised.

12.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     You  will be subject to taxation in accordance with the  tax
     laws of the country where you are resident or employed.   If
     you  are  an  U.S. citizen or expatriate, you  may  also  be
     subject  to  U.S.  tax  laws.  To  the  extent  required  by
     applicable federal, state, local or foreign law,  you  shall
     make  arrangements satisfactory to Intel (or the  Subsidiary
     that  employs  you, if your Subsidiary is  involved  in  the
     administration of the 2006 Plan) for the satisfaction of any
     withholding  tax  obligations that arise  by  reason  of  an
     option  exercise or any sale of shares of the Common  Stock.
     Intel  shall not be required to issue shares of  the  Common
     Stock  or  to recognize any purported transfer of shares  of
     the  Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.  The
     Committee  may permit these obligations to be  satisfied  by
     having  Intel withhold a portion of the shares of the Common
     Stock that otherwise would be issued to you upon exercise of
     the option, or to the extent permitted by the Committee,  by
     tendering shares of the Common Stock previously acquired.

13.  NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     You  may not assign or transfer this option to anyone except
     pursuant   to  your  will  or  upon  your  death   to   your
     beneficiaries. The transferability of options is subject  to
     any  applicable  laws  of  your  country  of  residence   or
     employment.

14.  DISPUTES

     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.

15.   AMENDMENTS

     The  2006  Plan and the option may be amended or altered  by
     the  Committee  or the Board of Directors of  Intel  to  the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

16.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or

<PAGE>

     other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit  any  shares  of Common Stock  acquired  under  your
     options.  You hereby understand that Data will be held  only
     as  long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage
     your  participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand
     that  you  may,  at any time, view Data, request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

17.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The  provisions of this Agreement and the 2006 Plan are
          incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.  You
          hereby acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been
          made available to you.  Certain capitalized terms used in
          this Agreement are defined in the 2006 Plan.

          This  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006  Plan
          constitute the entire understanding between you and the
          Corporation   regarding   the   option.    Any    prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning  the
          option are superseded.

          The  grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or  at  any  time,  does  not  obligate  Intel  or  any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation  that

<PAGE>

          Intel  or  any  Subsidiary might make a  grant  in  any
          future year or in any given amount

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if any)
          with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable

          to the options covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in

          the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect
          on the reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the
          Corporation, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify
          this Agreement or cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect
          to any unvested options at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an

          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may

          rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock of
          Intel, and as required by the laws of your country of residence
          or employment, only authorized but unissued shares thereof shall
          be utilized for delivery upon exercise by the holder in accord
          with the terms hereof.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at  the
          Corporation's business office.

     (g)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a Delaware
          corporation, an essential term of this Agreement is that it shall
          be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
          to choice of law principles of Delaware or other jurisdictions.
          Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the
          option granted hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal
          courts of competent jurisdiction in the State of California.



By  your  electronic signature, you and Intel  Corporation  agree
that  the options identified in your Notice of Grant are governed
by the terms of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant, and the 2006
Plan.   You further acknowledge that you have read and understand
the terms of the options set forth in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO ELECTRONICALLY SIGN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT  DATE
WILL RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF THE OPTIONS (SEE SECTION 2 OF THIS
AGREEMENT).



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>exh1019.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 19
<TEXT>


                                                    Exhibit 10.19

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                   2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

TERMS  AND  CONDITIONS  RELATING TO  NONQUALIFIED  STOCK  OPTIONS
GRANTED  ON  AND  AFTER MAY 17, 2006 UNDER THE INTEL  CORPORATION
2006  EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (for options granted under the ELTSOP
option program)


1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     The following terms and conditions (these "Standard Terms")
     apply to Nonqualified Stock Options granted to U.S.
     employees under the Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive
     Plan (the "2006 Plan") for grants formerly known as ELTSOP
     grants.

2.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     The option is not intended to be an incentive stock option
     under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

3.   OPTION PRICE

     The exercise price of the option (the "option price") is
     100% of the market value of the common stock of Intel
     Corporation ("Intel" or the "Corporation"), $.001 par value
     (the "Common Stock"), on the date of grant, as specified in
     the Notice of Grant.  "Market value" means the average of
     the highest and lowest sales prices of the Common Stock as
     reported by NASDAQ.

4.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To the extent the option has become exercisable (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and has
     not been previously exercised, and subject to termination or
     acceleration as provided in these Standard Terms and the
     requirements of these Standard Terms, the Notice of Grant
     and the 2006 Plan, you may exercise the option to purchase
     up to the number of shares of the Common Stock set forth in
     the Notice of Grant.  Notwithstanding anything to the
     contrary in Section 5 or Sections 7 through 9 hereof, no
     part of the option may be exercised after ten (10) years
     from the date of grant.

     The process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is governed by these Standard Terms, the Notice of Grant,
     the 2006 Plan and your agreements with Intel's stock plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as

<PAGE>

     soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash, (b) by arrangement with Intel's stock plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel where payment of
     the option price is made pursuant to an irrevocable
     direction to the broker to deliver all or part of the
     proceeds from the sale of the shares of the Common Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery of any
     other lawful consideration approved in advance by the
     Committee of the Board of Directors of Intel established
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the "Committee") or its delegate,
     or (d) in any combination of the foregoing.  Fractional
     shares may not be exercised.  Shares of the Common Stock
     will be issued as soon as practicable.  You will have the
     rights of a stockholder only after the shares of the Common
     Stock have been issued.  For administrative or other
     reasons, Intel may from time to time suspend the ability of
     employees to exercise options for limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be obligated to
     deliver any shares of the Common Stock during any period
     when Intel determines that the exercisability of the option
     or the delivery of shares hereunder would violate any
     federal, state or other applicable laws.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Standard
     Terms or the applicable Notice of Grant, Intel may reduce
     your unvested options if you change classification from a
     full-time to a part-time employee.

     IF AN EXPIRATION DATE DESCRIBED HEREIN FALLS ON A WEEKDAY,
     YOU MUST EXERCISE YOUR OPTIONS BEFORE 3:45 P.M. NEW YORK
     TIME ON THE EXPIRATION DATE.

     IF AN EXPIRATION DATE DESCRIBED HEREIN FALLS ON A WEEKEND OR
     ANY OTHER DAY ON WHICH THE NASDAQ STOCK MARKET ("NASDAQ") IS
     NOT OPEN, YOU MUST EXERCISE YOUR OPTIONS BEFORE 3:45 P.M.
     NEW YORK TIME ON THE LAST NASDAQ BUSINESS DAY PRIOR TO THE
     EXPIRATION DATE.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
          Terms, if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"),
          the option will be exercisable only to the extent and
          during the times specified in this Section 5:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less,
               you may exercise any part of the option that vested
               prior to the commencement of the PLOA at any time
               during the PLOA.  If the duration of the PLOA is
               greater than 365 days, any part of the
               option that had vested prior to the commencement
               of the PLOA and that has not been exercised will
               terminate on the 365th day of the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty
               (30) days:

<PAGE>


               a.   The exercisability of any part of the option
                    that would have vested during the PLOA shall be
                    deferred until the first day that you return to
                    work (i.e., the date that the PLOA is
                    terminated); and

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at
                    the commencement of the PLOA and would not have
                    vested during the PLOA shall vest in accordance
                    with the normal schedule indicated in the Notice
                    of Grant and shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty
               (30) days, the exercisability of each part of the
               option scheduled to vest after commencement of the
               PLOA shall be deferred for a period of time equal
               to the duration of the PLOA, however, in no
               event shall the term of the option be extended
               beyond ten (10) years from the date of grant.  If
               you terminate employment after returning from the
               PLOA but prior to the end of such deferral
               period, you shall have no right to exercise any
               unvested portion of the option, except to the extent
               provided otherwise in Sections 8 and 9 hereof, and
               such option shall terminate as of the date that your
               employment terminates.

(4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
     PLOA:
               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested
                    prior to the commencement of the PLOA shall be
                    exercisable in accordance with Sections 7
                    through 9 hereof, as applicable; and

               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested
                    prior to the commencement of the PLOA shall
                    terminate, except to the extent provided
                    otherwise in Sections 8 and 9 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other
          than a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of
          your options shall be unaffected by such absence and will
          vest in accordance with the schedule set forth in the
          Notice of Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If you have allegedly committed an act of misconduct as
     defined in the 2006 Plan, including, but not limited to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure of
     trade secrets or confidential information, breach of
     fiduciary duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed to the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in the 2006
     Plan, may suspend your right to exercise the option, pending
     a decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors,

<PAGE>

     as the
     case may be) or an Authorized Officer to terminate the
     option.  The option cannot be exercised during such
     suspension or after such termination.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
     Terms, if your employment by the Corporation terminates for
     any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     death, Disablement (defined below), or discharge for
     misconduct, you may exercise any portion of the option that
     had vested on or prior to the date of termination at any
     time prior to ninety (90) days after the date of such
     termination.  The option shall terminate on the 90th day to
     the extent that it is unexercised.  All unvested stock
     options shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination, regardless of whether such employment
     termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For purposes of this Section 7, your employment is not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date of termination from Intel or a Subsidiary, you are
     rehired by Intel or a Subsidiary on a basis that would make
     you eligible for future Intel stock option grants, nor would
     your transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any one
     Subsidiary to another, or from a Subsidiary to Intel be
     deemed a termination of employment.  Further, your
     employment with any partnership, joint venture or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary in
     which Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a) the
     entity is designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
     Terms, if you die while employed by the Corporation, the
     executor of your will, administrator of your estate or any
     successor trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the
     option, to the extent not previously exercised and whether
     or not vested on the date of death, at any time prior to 365
     days from the date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
     Terms, if you die prior to ninety (90) days after
     terminating your employment with the Corporation, the
     executor of your will or administrator of your estate may
     exercise the option, to the extent not previously exercised
     and to the extent the option had vested on or prior to the
     date of your employment termination, at any time prior to
     365 days from the date of your employment termination.

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described in this Section 8, to the extent that it is
     unexercised.


<PAGE>

9.   DISABILITY

     Except  as  expressly provided otherwise in  these  Standard
     Terms,  following  your termination  of  employment  due  to
     Disablement, you may exercise the option, to the extent  not
     previously  exercised  and whether or  not  the  option  had
     vested on or prior to the date of employment termination, at
     any  time  prior to 365 days from the later of the  date  of
     your  termination of employment due to your  Disablement  or
     the  date  of determination of your Disablement as described
     in  this Section 9; provided, however, that while the  claim
     of  Disablement  is pending, options that were  unvested  at
     termination  of employment may not be exercised and  options
     that  were  vested  at  termination  of  employment  may  be
     exercised  only  during the period set forth  in  Section  7
     hereof.   The option shall terminate on the 365th  day  from
     the date of determination of Disablement, to the extent that
     it  is  unexercised.  For purposes of these Standard  Terms,
     "Disablement"  shall  be determined in accordance  with  the
     standards  and  procedures  of the  then-current  Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary that employs you, and in the event you are not  a
     participant  in  a  then-current Long Term  Disability  Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs
     you,   "Disablement"  shall  have  the   same   meaning   as
     disablement  is  defined in the Intel Long  Term  Disability
     Plan,  which is generally a physical condition arising  from
     an  illness or injury, which renders an individual incapable
     of  performing work in any occupation, as determined by  the
     Corporation.

10.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     Nonqualified stock options are taxable upon exercise.  To
     the extent required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to Intel for
     the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that
     arise by reason of an option exercise and, if applicable,
     any sale of shares of the Common Stock.  Intel shall not be
     required to issue shares of the Common Stock or to recognize
     any purported transfer of shares of the Common Stock until
     such obligations are satisfied.  The Committee may permit
     these obligations to be satisfied by having Intel withhold a
     portion of the shares of the Common Stock that otherwise
     would be issued to you upon exercise of the option, or to
     the extent permitted by the Committee, by tendering shares
     of the Common Stock previously acquired.

11.  TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, each option
     shall be transferable only

     (a)  pursuant to your will or upon your death to your
          beneficiaries, or

     (b)  by gift to your Immediate Family (defined below),
          partnerships whose only partners are you or members
          of your Immediate Family, limited liability companies
          whose only shareholders are you or members of your
          Immediate Family, or trusts established solely for
          the benefit of you or members of your Immediate Family,
          or


<PAGE>

     (c)  by gift to a foundation in which you and/or members of
          your Immediate Family control the management of the
          foundation's assets.

     For purposes of these Standard Terms, "Immediate Family" is
     defined as your spouse or domestic partner, children,
     grandchildren, parents, or siblings.

     With respect to transfers by gift under subsection (b),
     options are transferable whether vested or not at the time
     of transfer.  With respect to transfers by gift under
     subsection (c), options are transferable only to the extent
     the options are vested at the time of transfer. Any
     purported assignment, transfer or encumbrance that does not
     qualify under subsections (a), (b) and (c) above shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     Any option transferred by you pursuant to this section shall
     not be transferable by the recipient except by will or the
     laws of descent and distribution.

     The transferability of options is subject to any applicable
     laws of your country of residence or employment.

12.  DISPUTES

     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and the option may be amended or altered by
     the Committee or the Board of Directors of Intel to the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

14.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The provisions of these Standard Terms and the 2006
          Plan are incorporated into the Notice of Grant by
          reference.  You hereby acknowledge that a copy of the
          2006 Plan has been made available to you.  Certain
          capitalized terms used in these Standard Terms
          are defined in the 2006 Plan.

          These Standard Terms, the Notice of Grant and the 2006
          Plan constitute the entire understanding between you
          and the Corporation regarding the option.  Any prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the
          option are superseded.

          The grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or at any time, does not obligate Intel or any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation that
          Intel or any Subsidiary might make a grant in any
          future year or in any given amount.


<PAGE>

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if any)
          with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes,
          including for purposes of computing severance pay or
          other termination compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of these Standard
          Terms, if any changes in the financial or tax accounting
          rules applicable to the options covered by these Standard
          Terms shall occur which, in the sole judgment of the
          Committee, may have an adverse effect on the reported
          earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify these
          Standard Terms or cancel and cause a forfeiture with
          respect to any unvested options at the time of such
          determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in these Standard Terms creates or
          implies an employment contract or term of employment
          upon which you may rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock
          of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon
          exercise by the holder in accord with the terms hereof.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

     (g)  Because these Standard Terms relate to terms and conditions
          under which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a
          Delaware corporation, an essential term of these Standard
          Terms is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State
          of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or
          proceeding relating to these Standard Terms or the option
          granted hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal
          courts of competent jurisdiction in the State of California.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>exh1020.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 20
<TEXT>



                                                Exhibit 10.20

                      INTEL CORPORATION
             NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
            UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
  (for options granted after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP
                       option program)


1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     This   Nonqualified   Stock   Option   Agreement   (this
     "Agreement"),  the  Notice of  Grant  of  Stock  Options
     delivered herewith (the "Notice of Grant") and the Intel
     Corporation  2006  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (the   "2006
     Plan"),  as such may be amended from time to  time,  set
     forth  the terms of your option identified in the Notice
     of Grant for grants formerly known as ELTSOP grants.  As
     used   herein,  the  "Corporation"  shall   mean   Intel
     Corporation and its Subsidiaries.

2.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     This  option  is  not intended to be an incentive  stock
     option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of
     1986,  as  amended (the "Code") and will be  interpreted
     accordingly.

3.   OPTION PRICE

     The  exercise price of this option (the "option  price")
     is 100% of the market value of the common stock of Intel
     Corporation  ("Intel"),  $.001 par  value  (the  "Common
     Stock"),  on  the  date of grant, as  specified  in  the
     Notice  of  Grant.  "Market value" means the average  of
     the  highest and lowest sales prices of the Common Stock
     as reported by NASDAQ.

4.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To the extent the option has become exercisable (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant  and
     has  not  been  previously  exercised,  and  subject  to
     termination   or  acceleration  as  provided   in   this
     Agreement  and  the requirements of this Agreement,  the
     Notice of Grant and the 2006 Plan, you may exercise  the
     option  to  purchase up to the number of shares  of  the
     Common   Stock  set  forth  in  the  Notice  of   Grant.
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5 or
     Sections  7 through 9 hereof, no part of the option  may
     be  exercised  after ten (10) years  from  the  date  of
     grant.

<PAGE>


     The  process  for  exercising the option  (or  any  part
     thereof)  is governed by this Agreement, the  Notice  of
     Grant,  the  2006 Plan and your agreements with  Intel's
     stock  plan  administrator.  Exercises of stock  options
     will  be  processed as soon as practicable.  The  option
     price  may be paid (a) in cash, (b) by arrangement  with
     Intel's stock plan administrator which is acceptable  to
     Intel where payment of the option price is made pursuant
     to an irrevocable direction to the broker to deliver all
     or  part of the proceeds from the sale of the shares  of
     the Common Stock issuable under the option to Intel, (c)
     by  delivery of any other lawful consideration  approved
     in advance by the Committee of the Board of Directors of
     Intel  established  pursuant  to  the  2006  Plan   (the
     "Committee") or its delegate, or (d) in any  combination
     of   the  foregoing.   Fractional  shares  may  not   be
     exercised.  Shares of the Common Stock will be issued as
     soon  as  practicable.  You will have the  rights  of  a
     stockholder  only after the shares of the  Common  Stock
     have  been issued. For administrative or other  reasons,
     Intel  may  from  time to time suspend  the  ability  of
     employees  to  exercise options for limited  periods  of
     time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be  obligated
     to  deliver  any  shares of the  Common  Stock  if  such
     delivery is prohibited by the laws of the United  States
     or  your  country of residence or employment.   If  such
     delivery is prohibited at the time that all or  part  of
     the  option is exercised, then such exercise may be made
     only  in  accordance  with Intel's  "cashless  exercise"
     procedure, to the extent permitted under the laws of the
     United   States  and  your  country  of   residence   or
     employment.

     Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary   in   this
     Agreement  or the applicable Notice of Grant, Intel  may
     reduce    your   unvested   options   if   you    change
     classification from a full-time employee to a  part-time
     employee.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except  as  expressly provided  otherwise  in  this
          Agreement, if you take a personal leave of absence
          ("PLOA"), the option will be exercisable only to the
          extent and during the times specified in this Section 5:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less,
               you may exercise any part of the option that vested
               prior to the commencement of the PLOA at any time during
               the PLOA.  If the duration of the PLOA is greater than
               365 days, any part of the option that had vested prior to
               the commencement of the PLOA and that has not been
               exercised will terminate on the 365th day of the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
               days:

<PAGE>


               a.   The exercisability of any part of the option that would
                    have vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                    first day that you return to work (i.e., the date that
                    the PLOA is terminated); and

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at the
                    commencement of the PLOA and would not have vested
                    during the PLOA will vest in accordance with the normal
                    schedule indicated in the Notice of Grant and shall not
                    be affected by the PLOA.

          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty
               (30) days, the exercisability of each part of the option
               scheduled to vest after commencement of the PLOA shall be
               deferred for a period of time equal to the duration of the
               PLOA, however, in no event shall the term of the option be
               extended beyond ten (10) years from the date of grant.  If
               you terminate employment after returning from the PLOA but
               prior to the end of such deferral period, you shall have no
               right to exercise any unvested portion of the option, except
               to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 8 through 9
               hereof, and such option shall terminate as of the date that
               your employment terminates.

          (4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during
               a PLOA:

               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested prior to the
                    commencement of the PLOA shall be exercisable in
                    accordance with Sections 7 through 9 hereof, as

                    applicable; and


               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested prior to
                    the commencement of the PLOA shall terminate, except
                    to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 8

                    through 9 hereof.


     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other
          than a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of your
          options shall be unaffected by such absence and will vest in
          accordance with the schedule set forth in the Notice of
          Grant.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If  you have allegedly committed an act of misconduct as
     defined in the 2006 Plan, including, but not limited to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure
     of  trade secrets or confidential information, breach

<PAGE>

     of
     fiduciary  duty or nonpayment of an obligation  owed  to
     the  Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as  defined  in
     the  2006  Plan, may suspend your right to exercise  the
     option, pending a decision by the Committee (or Board of
     Directors, as the case may be) or an Authorized  Officer
     to terminate the option.  The option cannot be exercised
     during such suspension or after such termination.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except   as   expressly  provided  otherwise   in   this
     Agreement,   if  your  employment  by  the   Corporation
     terminates  for  any  reason,  whether  voluntarily   or
     involuntarily,  other  than death, Disablement  (defined
     below),  or  discharge for misconduct, you may  exercise
     any portion of the option that had vested on or prior to
     the date of termination at any time prior to ninety (90)
     days  after  the date of such termination.   The  option
     shall terminate on the 90th day to the extent that it is
     unexercised.   All  unvested  stock  options  shall   be
     cancelled   on   the  date  of  employment  termination,
     regardless  of  whether such employment  termination  is
     voluntary or involuntary.

     For  purposes of this Section 7, your employment is  not
     deemed terminated if, prior to sixty (60) days after the
     date  of  termination  from  the  Corporation,  you  are
     rehired  by Intel or a Subsidiary on a basis that  would
     make  you eligible for future Intel stock option grants,
     nor would your transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary  or
     from any one Subsidiary to another, or from a Subsidiary
     to   Intel   be  deemed  a  termination  of  employment.
     Further,  your  employment with any  partnership,  joint
     venture or corporation not meeting the requirements of a
     Subsidiary  in which Intel or a Subsidiary  is  a  party
     shall  be  considered employment for  purposes  of  this
     provision if either (a) the entity is designated by  the
     Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision
     or (b) you are designated as an employee of a Subsidiary
     for purposes of this provision.

8.   DEATH

     Except   as   expressly  provided  otherwise   in   this
     Agreement, if you die while employed by the Corporation,
     the  executor of your will, administrator of your estate
     or any successor trustee of a grantor trust may exercise
     the  option, to the extent not previously exercised  and
     whether or not vested on the date of death, at any  time
     prior to 365 days from the date of death.

     Except   as   expressly  provided  otherwise   in   this
     Agreement,  if you die prior to ninety (90)  days  after
     termination of your employment with the Corporation, the
     executor  of  your will or administrator of your  estate
     may  exercise  the option, to the extent not  previously
     exercised and to the extent the option had vested on  or
     prior to the date of your employment

<PAGE>

     termination, at any
     time  prior to 365 days from the date of your employment
     termination.

     The  option shall terminate on the applicable expiration
     date described in this Section 8, to the extent that  it
     is unexercised.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except   as   expressly  provided  otherwise   in   this
     Agreement, following your termination of employment  due
     to  Disablement,  you may exercise the  option,  to  the
     extent  not previously exercised and whether or not  the
     option  had vested on or prior to the date of employment
     termination,  at  any time prior to 365  days  from  the
     later of the date of your termination of employment  due
     to your Disablement or the date of determination of your
     Disablement  as described in this Section  9;  provided,
     however, that while the claim of Disablement is pending,
     options  that were unvested at termination of employment
     may  not  be exercised and options that were  vested  at
     termination  of employment may be exercised only  during
     the  period  set forth in Section 7 hereof.  The  option
     shall  terminate  on  the 365th day  from  the  date  of
     determination of Disablement, to the extent that  it  is
     unexercised.    For   purposes   of   this    Agreement,
     "Disablement" shall be determined in accordance with the
     standards  and procedures of the then-current Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained by the Corporation  or  the
     Subsidiary  that employs you, and in the event  you  are
     not a participant in a then-current Long Term Disability
     Plan  maintained  by the Corporation or  the  Subsidiary
     that  employs  you, "Disablement" shall  have  the  same
     meaning as disablement is defined in the Intel Long Term
     Disability Plan, which is generally a physical condition
     arising  from  an  illness or injury, which  renders  an
     individual   incapable  of  performing   work   in   any
     occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

10.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     You  will be subject to taxation in accordance with  the
     tax  laws  of  the  country where you  are  resident  or
     employed.  If you are an U.S. citizen or expatriate, you
     may  also  be  subject to U.S. tax laws. To  the  extent
     required by applicable federal, state, local or  foreign
     law,  you shall make arrangements satisfactory to  Intel
     (or  the Subsidiary that employs you, if your Subsidiary
     is  involved in the administration of the 2006 Plan) for
     the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that
     arise  by  reason of an option exercise or any  sale  of
     shares of the Common Stock.  Intel shall not be required
     to  issue shares of the Common Stock or to recognize any
     purported  transfer of shares of the Common Stock  until
     such  obligations  are  satisfied.   The  Committee  may
     permit these obligations to be satisfied by having Intel
     withhold  a  portion of the shares of the  Common  Stock
     that  otherwise would be issued to you upon exercise  of
     the option, or to the

<PAGE>

     extent permitted by the Committee,
     by  tendering  shares  of  the Common  Stock  previously
     acquired.

11.  NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     You  may  not assign or transfer this option  to  anyone
     except pursuant to your will or upon your death to  your
     beneficiaries. The transferability of options is subject
     to  any applicable laws of your country of residence  or
     employment.

12.  DISPUTES

     The   Committee  or  its  delegate  shall  finally   and
     conclusively determine any disagreement concerning  your
     option.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The  2006 Plan and the option may be amended or  altered
     by  the Committee or the Board of Directors of Intel  to
     the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

14.  DATA PRIVACY

     You   explicitly  and  unambiguously  consent   to   the
     collection,  use  and transfer, in electronic  or  other
     form,  of  your  personal  data  as  described  in  this
     document by the Corporation for the exclusive purpose of
     implementing,    administering   and    managing    your
     participation in the 2006 Plan.

     You hereby understand that the Corporation holds certain
     personal  information  about  you,  including,  but  not
     limited  to,  your  name,  home  address  and  telephone
     number, date of birth, social insurance number or  other
     identification number, salary, nationality,  job  title,
     any  shares  of  stock  or  directorships  held  in  the
     Corporation,  details  of  all  options  or  any   other
     entitlement  to  shares  of  stock  awarded,   canceled,
     exercised,  vested,  unvested  or  outstanding  in  your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing,  administering
     and   managing  the  2006  Plan  ("Data").   You  hereby
     understand  that Data may be transferred  to  any  third
     parties  assisting in the implementation, administration
     and  management of the 2006 Plan, that these  recipients
     may  be  located in your country or elsewhere, and  that
     the  recipient's country may have different data privacy
     laws  and  protections than your  country.   You  hereby
     understand  that you may request a list with  the  names
     and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by
     contacting  your  local human resources  representative.
     You  authorize the recipients to receive, possess,  use,
     retain  and  transfer the Data, in electronic  or  other
     form,  for  the  purposes of implementing, administering
     and

<PAGE>

     managing  your  participation  in  the  2006  Plan,
     including any requisite transfer of such Data as may  be
     required to a broker or other third party with whom  you
     may elect to deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired
     under  your  options.  You hereby understand  that  Data
     will  be held only as long as is necessary to implement,
     administer  and manage your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.   You hereby understand that you may, at any time,
     view  Data,  request  additional information  about  the
     storage  and  processing of Data, require any  necessary
     amendments  to Data or refuse or withdraw  the  consents
     herein,  in  any  case without cost,  by  contacting  in
     writing your local human resources representative.   You
     hereby understand, however, that refusing or withdrawing
     your  consent may affect your ability to participate  in
     the 2006 Plan.  For more information on the consequences
     of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you
     hereby  understand  that  you  may  contact  the   human
     resources representative responsible for your country at
     the local or regional level.

15.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The provisions of this Agreement and the 2006 Plan are
          incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.
          You hereby acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan
          has been made available to you.  Certain capitalized
          terms used in this Agreement are defined in the 2006 Plan.

          This  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the  2006
          Plan  constitute  the entire understanding  between
          you  and the Corporation regarding the option.  Any
          prior   agreements,  commitments  or   negotiations
          concerning the option are superseded.

          The  grant of an option to an employee in  any  one
          year,  or  at any time, does not obligate Intel  or
          any  Subsidiary to make a grant in any future  year
          or  in  any  given amount and should not create  an
          expectation that Intel or any Subsidiary might make
          a grant in any future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if
          any) with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or
          expected compensation, or other remuneration for any
          purposes, including for purposes of computing severance pay
          or other termination compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
          if any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules
          applicable to the options covered by this Agreement shall
          occur which, in the sole judgment of the Committee, may have
          an adverse effect on the

<PAGE>

          reported earnings, assets or


liabilities of the Corporation, the Committee may, in its
          sole discretion, modify this Agreement or cancel and cause a
          forfeiture with respect to any unvested options at the time
          of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies
          an employment contract or term of employment upon which you
          may rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock
          of Intel, and as required by the laws of your country of
          residence or employment, only authorized but unissued shares
          thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon exercise by the
          holder in accord with the terms hereof.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to
          Stockholders for its latest fiscal year and Intel
          Corporation's latest quarterly report are available, without
          charge, at the Corporation's business office.

     (g)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions
          under which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a
          Delaware corporation, an essential term of this Agreement is
          that it shall be governed by the laws of the State of
          Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or
          proceeding relating to this Agreement or the option granted
          hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal courts of
          competent jurisdiction in the State of California.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>exh1021.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>
                                                    Exhibit 10.21

                        INTEL CORPORATION
               NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 (for options granted after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP option
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     This Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (this "Agreement"),
     the Notice of Grant of Stock Options delivered herewith (the
     "Notice  of  Grant") and the Intel Corporation  2006  Equity
     Incentive  Plan  (the "2006 Plan"), as such may  be  amended
     from  time  to  time,  set forth the terms  of  your  option
     identified in the Notice of Grant for grants formerly  known
     as  ELTSOP grants.  As used herein, the "Corporation"  shall
     mean Intel Corporation and its Subsidiaries.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If you fail to electronically sign this Agreement within 180
     days  of the Grant Date, the options subject to your  Notice
     of  Grant  will  be cancelled, except as determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.  Signing this  agreement
     does not obligate you to exercise the option or purchase any
     shares.

3.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     This  option is not intended to be an incentive stock option
     under  Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

4.   OPTION PRICE

     The  exercise price of this option (the "option  price")  is
     100%  of  the  market  value of the common  stock  of  Intel
     Corporation ("Intel"), $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     on  the  date of grant, as specified in the Notice of Grant.
     "Market  value" means the average of the highest and  lowest
     sales prices of the Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ.

5.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To  the  extent  the option has become exercisable  (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and  has
     not been previously exercised, and subject to termination or
     acceleration   as  provided  in  this  Agreement   and   the
     requirements of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the
     2006 Plan, you may

<PAGE>

     exercise the option to purchase up to the
     number of shares of the Common Stock set forth in the Notice
     of  Grant.   Notwithstanding anything  to  the  contrary  in
     Section  6 or Sections 8 through 10 hereof, no part  of  the
     option  may be exercised after ten (10) years from the  date
     of grant.

     The  process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is governed by this Agreement, the Notice of Grant, the 2006
     Plan   and   your   agreements  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash,   (b)   by   arrangement  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel where payment  of
     the   option  price  is  made  pursuant  to  an  irrevocable
     direction  to  the  broker to deliver all  or  part  of  the
     proceeds  from  the sale of the shares of the  Common  Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery  of  any
     other  lawful  consideration  approved  in  advance  by  the
     Committee  of  the  Board of Directors of Intel  established
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the "Committee") or its delegate,
     or  (d)  in  any  combination of the foregoing.   Fractional
     shares  may  not be exercised.  Shares of the  Common  Stock
     will  be  issued as soon as practicable.  You will have  the
     rights  of a stockholder only after the shares of the Common
     Stock have been issued. For administrative or other reasons,
     Intel may from time to time suspend the ability of employees
     to exercise options for limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be  obligated  to
     deliver  any shares of the Common Stock if such delivery  is
     prohibited by the laws of the United States or your  country
     of  residence or employment.  If such delivery is prohibited
     at  the  time  that all or part of the option is  exercised,
     then  such  exercise  may be made only  in  accordance  with
     Intel's   "cashless  exercise"  procedure,  to  the   extent
     permitted  under  the  laws of the United  States  and  your
     country of residence or employment.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
     or the applicable Notice of Grant, Intel may reduce your
     unvested options if you change classification from a full-
     time employee to a part-time employee.

6.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except  as  expressly  provided  otherwise  in   this
          Agreement, if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"),
          the option will be exercisable only to the extent and during
          the times specified in this Section 6:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less, you may
               exercise any part of the option that vested prior to the
               commencement of the PLOA at any time during the PLOA.  If the
               duration of the PLOA is greater than 365 days, any part of
               the option that had vested prior to the commencement of the
               PLOA and that has not been exercised will terminate on the
               365th day of the PLOA.


<PAGE>

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The exercisability of any part of the option that
                    would have vested during the PLOA shall be deferred
                    until the first day that you return to work (i.e.,


                    the date that the PLOA is terminated); and

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at the
                    commencement of the PLOA and would not have vested
                    during the PLOA will vest in accordance with the
                    normal schedule indicated in the Notice of Grant and
                    shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the exercisability of each part of the option scheduled
               to vest after commencement of the PLOA shall be deferred
               for a period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA,
               however, in no event shall the term of the option be
               extended beyond ten (10) years from the date of grant.
               If you terminate employment after returning from the PLOA but
               prior to the end of such deferral period, you shall have no
               right to exercise any unvested portion of the option,
               except to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9


               through 10 hereof, and such option shall terminate as of the
               date that your employment terminates.

          (4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA:

               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested prior to the
                    commencement of the PLOA shall be exercisable in
                    accordance with Sections 8 through 10 hereof, as
                    applicable; and

               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested prior to
                    the commencement of the PLOA shall terminate, except
                    to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9 and 10
                    hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other than
          a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of your options
          shall be unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance
          with the schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

7.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If  you  have  allegedly committed an act of  misconduct  as
     defined  in  the 2006 Plan, including, but not  limited  to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure  of
     trade   secrets  or  confidential  information,  breach   of
     fiduciary  duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed  to  the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in  the  2006
     Plan, may suspend your right to

<PAGE>

     exercise the option, pending
     a  decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors, as  the
     case  may  be)  or  an Authorized Officer to  terminate  the
     option.    The  option  cannot  be  exercised  during   such
     suspension or after such termination.

8.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     death, Disablement (defined below), or discharge for
     misconduct, you may exercise any portion of the option that
     had vested on or prior to the date of termination at any
     time prior to ninety (90) days after the date of such
     termination.  The option shall terminate on the 90th day to
     the extent that it is unexercised.  All unvested stock
     options shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination, regardless of whether such employment
     termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For  purposes  of  this Section 8, your  employment  is  not
     deemed  terminated if, prior to sixty (60)  days  after  the
     date of termination from the Corporation, you are rehired by
     Intel  or  a  Subsidiary  on a basis  that  would  make  you
     eligible  for  future Intel stock option grants,  nor  would
     your  transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any  one
     Subsidiary  to  another, or from a Subsidiary  to  Intel  be
     deemed   a   termination  of  employment.    Further,   your
     employment   with   any  partnership,   joint   venture   or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary  in
     which  Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be  considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a)  the
     entity  is  designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary  for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated  as  an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

9.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die while employed by the Corporation, the executor  of
     your  will,  administrator of your estate or  any  successor
     trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the option,  to  the
     extent not previously exercised and whether or not vested on
     the  date  of death, at any time prior to 365 days from  the
     date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die prior to ninety (90) days after termination of your
     employment with the Corporation, the executor of  your  will
     or  administrator of your estate may exercise the option, to
     the  extent  not previously exercised and to the extent  the
     option had vested on or prior to the date of your employment
     termination, at any time prior to 365 days from the date  of
     your employment termination.

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described in this Section 9, to the extent that it is
     unexercised.


<PAGE>

10.  DISABILITY

     Except  as  expressly provided otherwise in this  Agreement,
     following your termination of employment due to Disablement,
     you  may  exercise the option, to the extent not  previously
     exercised  and whether or not the option had  vested  on  or
     prior  to  the date of employment termination, at  any  time
     prior  to  365  days  from the later of  the  date  of  your
     termination  of  employment due to your Disablement  or  the
     date  of  determination of your Disablement as described  in
     this Section 10; provided, however, that while the claim  of
     Disablement  is  pending,  options  that  were  unvested  at
     termination  of employment may not be exercised and  options
     that  were  vested  at  termination  of  employment  may  be
     exercised  only  during the period set forth  in  Section  8
     hereof.   The option shall terminate on the 365th  day  from
     the date of determination of Disablement, to the extent that
     it   is   unexercised.   For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,
     "Disablement"  shall  be determined in accordance  with  the
     standards  and  procedures  of the  then-current  Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary that employs you, and in the event you are not  a
     participant  in  a  then-current Long Term  Disability  Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs
     you,   "Disablement"  shall  have  the   same   meaning   as
     disablement  is  defined in the Intel Long  Term  Disability
     Plan,  which is generally a physical condition arising  from
     an  illness or injury, which renders an individual incapable
     of  performing work in any occupation, as determined by  the
     Corporation.

11.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     You  will be subject to taxation in accordance with the  tax
     laws of the country where you are resident or employed.   If
     you  are  an  U.S. citizen or expatriate, you  may  also  be
     subject  to  U.S.  tax  laws.  To  the  extent  required  by
     applicable federal, state, local or foreign law,  you  shall
     make  arrangements satisfactory to Intel (or the  Subsidiary
     that  employs  you, if your Subsidiary is  involved  in  the
     administration of the 2006 Plan) for the satisfaction of any
     withholding  tax  obligations that arise  by  reason  of  an
     option  exercise or any sale of shares of the Common  Stock.
     Intel  shall not be required to issue shares of  the  Common
     Stock  or  to recognize any purported transfer of shares  of
     the  Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.  The
     Committee  may permit these obligations to be  satisfied  by
     having  Intel withhold a portion of the shares of the Common
     Stock that otherwise would be issued to you upon exercise of
     the option, or to the extent permitted by the Committee,  by
     tendering shares of the Common Stock previously acquired.

12.  NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     You  may not assign or transfer this option to anyone except
     pursuant   to  your  will  or  upon  your  death   to   your
     beneficiaries. The transferability of options is subject  to
     any  applicable  laws  of  your  country  of  residence   or
     employment.

13.  DISPUTES

<PAGE>


     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.

14.  AMENDMENTS

     The  2006  Plan and the option may be amended or altered  by
     the  Committee  or the Board of Directors of  Intel  to  the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

15.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit  any  shares  of Common Stock  acquired  under  your
     options.  You hereby understand that Data will be held  only
     as  long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage
     your  participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand
     that  you  may,  at any time, view Data, request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you

<PAGE>

     hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

16.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The  provisions of this Agreement and the 2006 Plan are
          incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.
          You hereby acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan
          has been made available to you.  Certain capitalized
          terms used in this Agreement are defined in the 2006 Plan.

          This  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006  Plan
          constitute the entire understanding between you and the
          Corporation   regarding   the   option.    Any    prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning  the
          option are superseded.

          The  grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or  at  any  time,  does  not  obligate  Intel  or  any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation  that
          Intel  or  any  Subsidiary might make a  grant  in  any
          future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if any)
          with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the options covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in
          the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on
          the reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation,
          the Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement
          or cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested
          options at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock of
          Intel, and as required by the laws of your country of residence
          or employment, only authorized but unissued shares thereof shall
          be utilized for delivery upon exercise by the holder in accord
          with the terms hereof.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

     (g)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a Delaware
          corporation, an

<PAGE>

          essential term of this Agreement is that it shall
          be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
          to choice of law principles of Delaware or other jurisdictions.
          Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the
          option granted hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal
          courts of competent jurisdiction in the State of California.


By  your  electronic signature, you and Intel  Corporation  agree
that  the  options  under the ELTSOP program identified  in  your
Notice of Grant are governed by the terms of this Agreement,  the
Notice of Grant and the 2006 Plan.  You further acknowledge  that
you  have read and understand the terms of the options set  forth
in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO ELECTRONICALLY SIGN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT  DATE
WILL RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF THE OPTIONS (SEE SECTION 2 OF THIS
AGREEMENT).



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>exh1022.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 22
<TEXT>


                                                    Exhibit 10.22

                        INTEL CORPORATION
               NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 (for options granted after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP option
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     This Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (this "Agreement"),
     the Notice of Grant of Stock Options delivered herewith (the
     "Notice  of  Grant") and the Intel Corporation  2006  Equity
     Incentive  Plan  (the "2006 Plan"), as such may  be  amended
     from  time  to  time,  set forth the terms  of  your  option
     identified in the Notice of Grant for grants formerly  known
     as  ELTSOP grants.  As used herein, the "Corporation"  shall
     mean Intel Corporation and its Subsidiaries.

2.   SIGNATURE

     This  option  cannot be exercised until you print  and  sign
     this Agreement and return it to Intel Benefit Services.   If
     you  fail  to  sign this Agreement and return  it  to  Intel
     Benefit  Services  within 180 days of the  Grant  Date,  the
     option  will  be  cancelled, except  as  determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.  Signing this  agreement
     does not obligate you to exercise the option or purchase any
     shares.

3.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     This  option is not intended to be an incentive stock option
     under  Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

4.   OPTION PRICE

     The  exercise price of this option (the "option  price")  is
     100%  of  the  market  value of the common  stock  of  Intel
     Corporation ("Intel"), $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     on  the  date of grant, as specified in the Notice of Grant.
     "Market  value" means the average of the highest and  lowest
     sales prices of the Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ.

5.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To  the  extent  the option has become exercisable  (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and  has
     not been previously exercised, and

<PAGE>

     subject to termination or
     acceleration   as  provided  in  this  Agreement   and   the
     requirements of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the
     2006 Plan, you may exercise the option to purchase up to the
     number of shares of the Common Stock set forth in the Notice
     of  Grant.   Notwithstanding anything  to  the  contrary  in
     Section  6 or Sections 8 through 10 hereof, no part  of  the
     option  may be exercised after ten (10) years from the  date
     of grant.

     The  process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is governed by this Agreement, the Notice of Grant, the 2006
     Plan   and   your   agreements  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash,   (b)   by   arrangement  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel where payment  of
     the   option  price  is  made  pursuant  to  an  irrevocable
     direction  to  the  broker to deliver all  or  part  of  the
     proceeds  from  the sale of the shares of the  Common  Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery  of  any
     other  lawful  consideration  approved  in  advance  by  the
     Committee  of  the  Board of Directors of Intel  established
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the "Committee") or its delegate,
     or  (d)  in  any  combination of the foregoing.   Fractional
     shares  may  not be exercised.  Shares of the  Common  Stock
     will  be  issued as soon as practicable.  You will have  the
     rights  of a stockholder only after the shares of the Common
     Stock have been issued. For administrative or other reasons,
     Intel may from time to time suspend the ability of employees
     to exercise options for limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be  obligated  to
     deliver  any shares of the Common Stock if such delivery  is
     prohibited by the laws of the United States or your  country
     of  residence or employment.  If such delivery is prohibited
     at  the  time  that all or part of the option is  exercised,
     then  such  exercise  may be made only  in  accordance  with
     Intel's   "cashless  exercise"  procedure,  to  the   extent
     permitted  under  the  laws of the United  States  and  your
     country of residence or employment.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
     or the applicable Notice of Grant, Intel may reduce your
     unvested options if you change classification from a full-
     time employee to a part-time employee.

6.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)   Except  as  expressly  provided  otherwise  in   this
           Agreement, if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"),
           the option will be exercisable only to the extent and during
           the times specified in this Section 6:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less, you may
               exercise any part of the option that vested prior to the
               commencement of the PLOA at any time during the PLOA.  If
               the duration of the PLOA is greater than 365 days, any
               part of the option that had vested prior

<PAGE>

               to the commencement
               of the PLOA and that has not been exercised will terminate on
               the 365th day of the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The exercisability of any part of the option that would
                    have vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until the
                    first day that you return to work (i.e., the date that
                    the PLOA is terminated); and

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at the
                    commencement of the PLOA and would not have vested during
                    the PLOA will vest in accordance with the normal schedule
                    indicated in the Notice of Grant and shall not be affected
                    by the PLOA.

          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the exercisability of each part of the option scheduled
               to vest after commencement of the PLOA shall be deferred for a
               period of time equal to the duration of the PLOA, however, in
               no event shall the term of the option be extended beyond ten
               (10) years from the date of grant.  If you terminate
               employment after returning from the PLOA but prior to the end
               of such deferral period, you shall have no right to exercise
               any unvested portion of the option, except to the extent
               provided otherwise in Sections 9 through 10 hereof, and such
               option shall terminate as of the date that your employment
               terminates.

          (4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA:

               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested prior to the
                    commencement of the PLOA shall be exercisable in
                    accordance with Sections 8 through 10 hereof, as
                    applicable; and

               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested prior to
                    the commencement of the PLOA shall terminate, except to
                    the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9 and 10
                    hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other than
          a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of your options
          shall be unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance
          with the schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

7.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If  you  have  allegedly committed an act of  misconduct  as
     defined  in  the 2006 Plan, including, but not  limited  to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty,

<PAGE>

     unauthorized disclosure  of
     trade   secrets  or  confidential  information,  breach   of
     fiduciary  duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed  to  the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in  the  2006
     Plan, may suspend your right to exercise the option, pending
     a  decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors, as  the
     case  may  be)  or  an Authorized Officer to  terminate  the
     option.    The  option  cannot  be  exercised  during   such
     suspension or after such termination.

8.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     death, Disablement (defined below), or discharge for
     misconduct, you may exercise any portion of the option that
     had vested on or prior to the date of termination at any
     time prior to ninety (90) days after the date of such
     termination.  The option shall terminate on the 90th day to
     the extent that it is unexercised.  All unvested stock
     options shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination, regardless of whether such employment
     termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For  purposes  of  this Section 8, your  employment  is  not
     deemed  terminated if, prior to sixty (60)  days  after  the
     date of termination from the Corporation, you are rehired by
     Intel  or  a  Subsidiary  on a basis  that  would  make  you
     eligible  for  future Intel stock option grants,  nor  would
     your  transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any  one
     Subsidiary  to  another, or from a Subsidiary  to  Intel  be
     deemed   a   termination  of  employment.    Further,   your
     employment   with   any  partnership,   joint   venture   or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary  in
     which  Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be  considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a)  the
     entity  is  designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary  for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated  as  an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

9.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die while employed by the Corporation, the executor  of
     your  will,  administrator of your estate or  any  successor
     trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the option,  to  the
     extent not previously exercised and whether or not vested on
     the  date  of death, at any time prior to 365 days from  the
     date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die prior to ninety (90) days after termination of your
     employment with the Corporation, the executor of  your  will
     or  administrator of your estate may exercise the option, to
     the  extent  not previously exercised and to the extent  the
     option had vested on or prior to the date of your employment
     termination, at any time prior to 365 days from the date  of
     your employment termination.


<PAGE>

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described in this Section 9, to the extent that it is
     unexercised.

10.  DISABILITY

     Except  as  expressly provided otherwise in this  Agreement,
     following your termination of employment due to Disablement,
     you  may  exercise the option, to the extent not  previously
     exercised  and whether or not the option had  vested  on  or
     prior  to  the date of employment termination, at  any  time
     prior  to  365  days  from the later of  the  date  of  your
     termination  of  employment due to your Disablement  or  the
     date  of  determination of your Disablement as described  in
     this Section 10; provided, however, that while the claim  of
     Disablement  is  pending,  options  that  were  unvested  at
     termination  of employment may not be exercised and  options
     that  were  vested  at  termination  of  employment  may  be
     exercised  only  during the period set forth  in  Section  8
     hereof.   The option shall terminate on the 365th  day  from
     the date of determination of Disablement, to the extent that
     it   is   unexercised.   For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,
     "Disablement"  shall  be determined in accordance  with  the
     standards  and  procedures  of the  then-current  Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary that employs you, and in the event you are not  a
     participant  in  a  then-current Long Term  Disability  Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs
     you,   "Disablement"  shall  have  the   same   meaning   as
     disablement  is  defined in the Intel Long  Term  Disability
     Plan,  which is generally a physical condition arising  from
     an  illness or injury, which renders an individual incapable
     of  performing work in any occupation, as determined by  the
     Corporation.

11.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     You  will be subject to taxation in accordance with the  tax
     laws of the country where you are resident or employed.   If
     you  are  an  U.S. citizen or expatriate, you  may  also  be
     subject  to  U.S.  tax  laws.  To  the  extent  required  by
     applicable federal, state, local or foreign law,  you  shall
     make  arrangements satisfactory to Intel (or the  Subsidiary
     that  employs  you, if your Subsidiary is  involved  in  the
     administration of the 2006 Plan) for the satisfaction of any
     withholding  tax  obligations that arise  by  reason  of  an
     option  exercise or any sale of shares of the Common  Stock.
     Intel  shall not be required to issue shares of  the  Common
     Stock  or  to recognize any purported transfer of shares  of
     the  Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.  The
     Committee  may permit these obligations to be  satisfied  by
     having  Intel withhold a portion of the shares of the Common
     Stock that otherwise would be issued to you upon exercise of
     the option, or to the extent permitted by the Committee,  by
     tendering shares of the Common Stock previously acquired.

12.  NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

<PAGE>


     You  may not assign or transfer this option to anyone except
     pursuant   to  your  will  or  upon  your  death   to   your
     beneficiaries. The transferability of options is subject  to
     any  applicable  laws  of  your  country  of  residence   or
     employment.

13.  DISPUTES

     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.

14.  AMENDMENTS

     The  2006  Plan and the option may be amended or altered  by
     the  Committee  or the Board of Directors of  Intel  to  the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

15.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit  any  shares  of Common Stock  acquired  under  your
     options.  You hereby understand that Data will be held  only
     as  long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage
     your  participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand
     that  you  may,  at any time, view Data, request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse

<PAGE>

     or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you  hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

16.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The  provisions of this Agreement and the 2006 Plan are
          incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.  You hereby
          acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has been made available
          to you.  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are
          defined in the 2006 Plan.

          This  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006  Plan
          constitute the entire understanding between you and the
          Corporation   regarding   the   option.    Any    prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning  the
          option are superseded.

          The  grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or  at  any  time,  does  not  obligate  Intel  or  any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation  that
          Intel  or  any  Subsidiary might make a  grant  in  any
          future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if any)
          with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes, including
          for purposes of computing severance pay or other termination
          compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable
          to the options covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in
          the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on
          the reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation,
          the Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement
          or cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested
          options at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock of
          Intel, and as required by the laws of your country of residence
          or employment, only authorized but unissued shares thereof shall
          be utilized for delivery upon exercise by the holder in accord
          with the terms hereof.

<PAGE>


     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at  the
          Corporation's business office.

     (g)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a Delaware
          corporation, an essential term of this Agreement is that it shall
          be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
          to choice of law principles of Delaware or other jurisdictions.
          Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the
          option granted hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal
          courts of competent jurisdiction in the State of California.



By your signature below, you and Intel Corporation agree that the
options  under  the ELTSOP program identified in your  Notice  of
Grant are governed by the terms of this Agreement, the Notice  of
Grant, and the 2006 Plan.  You further acknowledge that you  have
read  and understand the terms of the options set forth  in  this
Agreement.

FAILURE TO SIGN AND RETURN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT DATE WILL
RESULT  IN  CANCELLATION OF THE OPTIONS (SEE SECTION  2  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT).

INTEL CORPORATION and

- ----------------              -------------            ------------
Signature                     Employee Name            Date


- ----------------              -------------
WWID                          Grant Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>exh1023.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>


                                                    Exhibit 10.23

                     INTEL KABUSHIKI KAISHA
               NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
              UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 (for options granted after May 17, 2006 under the ELTSOP option
                            program)


1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     This Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (this "Agreement"),
     the Notice of Grant of Stock Options delivered herewith (the
     "Notice  of  Grant") and the Intel Corporation  2006  Equity
     Incentive  Plan  (the "2006 Plan"), as such may  be  amended
     from  time  to  time,  set forth the terms  of  your  option
     identified in the Notice of Grant for grants formerly  known
     as  ELTSOP grants.  As used herein, the "Corporation"  shall
     mean Intel Corporation and its Subsidiaries.

2.   SIGNATURE

     If you fail to electronically sign this Agreement within 180
     days  of the Grant Date, the options subject to your  Notice
     of  Grant  will  be cancelled, except as determined  by  the
     Corporation in its sole discretion.  Signing this  agreement
     does not obligate you to exercise the option or purchase any
     shares.

3.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     This  option is not intended to be an incentive stock option
     under  Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

4.   OPTION PRICE

     The  exercise price of this option (the "option  price")  is
     100%  of  the  market  value of the common  stock  of  Intel
     Corporation ("Intel"), $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     on  the  date of grant, as specified in the Notice of Grant.
     "Market  value" means the average of the highest and  lowest
     sales prices of the Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ.

5.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To  the  extent  the option has become exercisable  (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and  has
     not been previously exercised, and subject to termination or
     acceleration   as  provided  in  this  Agreement   and   the
     requirements of this Agreement, the Notice of Grant and  the
     2006 Plan, you may

<PAGE>

     exercise the option to purchase up to the
     number of shares of the Common Stock set forth in the Notice
     of  Grant.   Notwithstanding anything  to  the  contrary  in
     Section  6 or Sections 8 through 10 hereof, no part  of  the
     option  may be exercised after ten (10) years from the  date
     of grant.

     The  process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is governed by this Agreement, the Notice of Grant, the 2006
     Plan   and   your   agreements  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash,   (b)   by   arrangement  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel where payment  of
     the   option  price  is  made  pursuant  to  an  irrevocable
     direction  to  the  broker to deliver all  or  part  of  the
     proceeds  from  the sale of the shares of the  Common  Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery  of  any
     other  lawful  consideration  approved  in  advance  by  the
     Committee  of  the  Board of Directors of Intel  established
     pursuant to the 2006 Plan (the "Committee") or its delegate,
     or  (d)  in  any  combination of the foregoing.   Fractional
     shares  may  not be exercised.  Shares of the  Common  Stock
     will  be  issued as soon as practicable.  You will have  the
     rights  of a stockholder only after the shares of the Common
     Stock have been issued. For administrative or other reasons,
     Intel may from time to time suspend the ability of employees
     to exercise options for limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be  obligated  to
     deliver  any shares of the Common Stock if such delivery  is
     prohibited by the laws of the United States or your  country
     of  residence or employment.  If such delivery is prohibited
     at  the  time  that all or part of the option is  exercised,
     then  such  exercise  may be made only  in  accordance  with
     Intel's   "cashless  exercise"  procedure,  to  the   extent
     permitted  under  the  laws of the United  States  and  your
     country of residence or employment.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
     or the applicable Notice of Grant, Intel may reduce your
     unvested options if you change classification from a full-
     time employee to a part-time employee.

6.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except  as  expressly  provided  otherwise  in   this
          Agreement, if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"),
          the option will be exercisable only to the extent and during
          the times specified in this Section 6:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days or less, you may
               exercise any part of the option that vested prior to the
               commencement of the PLOA at any time during the PLOA.  If
               the duration of the PLOA is greater than 365 days, any part
               of the option that had vested prior to the commencement of
               the PLOA and that has not been exercised will terminate on
               the 365th day of the PLOA.


<PAGE>

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a.   The exercisability of any part of the option that would
                    have vested during the PLOA shall be deferred until
                    the first day that you return to work (i.e., the date
                    that the PLOA is terminated); and

               b.   Any part of the option that had not vested at the
                    commencement of the PLOA and would not have vested
                    during the PLOA will vest in accordance with the normal
                    schedule indicated in the Notice of Grant and shall not

                    be affected by the PLOA.


          (3)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the exercisability of each part of the option
               scheduled to vest after commencement of the PLOA shall be
               deferred for a period of time equal to the duration of
               the PLOA, however, in no event shall the term of the option
               be extended beyond ten (10) years from the date of grant.
               If you terminate employment after returning from the PLOA
               but prior to the end of such deferral period, you shall have
               no right to exercise any unvested portion of the option,
               except to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9
               through 10 hereof, and such option shall terminate as
               of the date that your employment terminates.

          (4)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA:

               a.   Any portions of the option that had vested prior to the
                    commencement of the PLOA shall be exercisable in
                    accordance with Sections 8 through 10 hereof, as
                    applicable; and

               b.   Any portions of the option that had not vested prior to
                    the commencement of the PLOA shall terminate, except
                    to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 9 and
                    10 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence ("LOA") other than
          a PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of your options
          shall be unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance
          with the schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

7.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If  you  have  allegedly committed an act of  misconduct  as
     defined  in  the 2006 Plan, including, but not  limited  to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure  of
     trade   secrets  or  confidential  information,  breach   of
     fiduciary  duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed  to  the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in  the  2006
     Plan, may suspend your right to

<PAGE>

     exercise the option, pending
     a  decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors, as  the
     case  may  be)  or  an Authorized Officer to  terminate  the
     option.    The  option  cannot  be  exercised  during   such
     suspension or after such termination.

8.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your employment by the Corporation terminates for any
     reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, other than
     death, Disablement (defined below), or discharge for
     misconduct, you may exercise any portion of the option that
     had vested on or prior to the date of termination at any
     time prior to ninety (90) days after the date of such
     termination.  The option shall terminate on the 90th day to
     the extent that it is unexercised.  All unvested stock
     options shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination, regardless of whether such employment
     termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For  purposes  of  this Section 8, your  employment  is  not
     deemed  terminated if, prior to sixty (60)  days  after  the
     date of termination from the Corporation, you are rehired by
     Intel  or  a  Subsidiary  on a basis  that  would  make  you
     eligible  for  future Intel stock option grants,  nor  would
     your  transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any  one
     Subsidiary  to  another, or from a Subsidiary  to  Intel  be
     deemed   a   termination  of  employment.    Further,   your
     employment   with   any  partnership,   joint   venture   or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary  in
     which  Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be  considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a)  the
     entity  is  designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary  for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated  as  an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

9.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die while employed by the Corporation, the executor  of
     your  will,  administrator of your estate or  any  successor
     trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the option,  to  the
     extent not previously exercised and whether or not vested on
     the  date  of death, at any time prior to 365 days from  the
     date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die prior to ninety (90) days after termination of your
     employment with the Corporation, the executor of  your  will
     or  administrator of your estate may exercise the option, to
     the  extent  not previously exercised and to the extent  the
     option had vested on or prior to the date of your employment
     termination, at any time prior to 365 days from the date  of
     your employment termination.

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described in this Section 9, to the extent that it is
     unexercised.


<PAGE>

10.  DISABILITY

     Except  as  expressly provided otherwise in this  Agreement,
     following your termination of employment due to Disablement,
     you  may  exercise the option, to the extent not  previously
     exercised  and whether or not the option had  vested  on  or
     prior  to  the date of employment termination, at  any  time
     prior  to  365  days  from the later of  the  date  of  your
     termination  of  employment due to your Disablement  or  the
     date  of  determination of your Disablement as described  in
     this Section 10; provided, however, that while the claim  of
     Disablement  is  pending,  options  that  were  unvested  at
     termination  of employment may not be exercised and  options
     that  were  vested  at  termination  of  employment  may  be
     exercised  only  during the period set forth  in  Section  8
     hereof.   The option shall terminate on the 365th  day  from
     the date of determination of Disablement, to the extent that
     it   is   unexercised.   For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,
     "Disablement"  shall  be determined in accordance  with  the
     standards  and  procedures  of the  then-current  Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary that employs you, and in the event you are not  a
     participant  in  a  then-current Long Term  Disability  Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs
     you,   "Disablement"  shall  have  the   same   meaning   as
     disablement  is  defined in the Intel Long  Term  Disability
     Plan,  which is generally a physical condition arising  from
     an  illness or injury, which renders an individual incapable
     of  performing work in any occupation, as determined by  the
     Corporation.

11.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     You  will be subject to taxation in accordance with the  tax
     laws of the country where you are resident or employed.   If
     you  are  an  U.S. citizen or expatriate, you  may  also  be
     subject  to  U.S.  tax  laws.  To  the  extent  required  by
     applicable federal, state, local or foreign law,  you  shall
     make  arrangements satisfactory to Intel (or the  Subsidiary
     that  employs  you, if your Subsidiary is  involved  in  the
     administration of the 2006 Plan) for the satisfaction of any
     withholding  tax  obligations that arise  by  reason  of  an
     option  exercise or any sale of shares of the Common  Stock.
     Intel  shall not be required to issue shares of  the  Common
     Stock  or  to recognize any purported transfer of shares  of
     the  Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.  The
     Committee  may permit these obligations to be  satisfied  by
     having  Intel withhold a portion of the shares of the Common
     Stock that otherwise would be issued to you upon exercise of
     the option, or to the extent permitted by the Committee,  by
     tendering shares of the Common Stock previously acquired.

12.  NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     You  may not assign or transfer this option to anyone except
     pursuant   to  your  will  or  upon  your  death   to   your
     beneficiaries. The transferability of options is subject  to
     any  applicable  laws  of  your  country  of  residence   or
     employment.

13.  DISPUTES

<PAGE>


     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.

14.  AMENDMENTS

     The  2006  Plan and the option may be amended or altered  by
     the  Committee  or the Board of Directors of  Intel  to  the
     extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

15.  DATA PRIVACY

     You  explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection,
     use  and  transfer,  in electronic or other  form,  of  your
     personal  data  as  described  in  this  document   by   the
     Corporation  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  implementing,
     administering and managing your participation  in  the  2006
     Plan.

     You  hereby  understand that the Corporation  holds  certain
     personal  information about you, including, but not  limited
     to,  your name, home address and telephone number,  date  of
     birth,  social  insurance  number  or  other  identification
     number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of  stock
     or  directorships held in the Corporation,  details  of  all
     options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded,
     canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering  and
     managing the 2006 Plan ("Data").  You hereby understand that
     Data  may  be transferred to any third parties assisting  in
     the  implementation, administration and  management  of  the
     2006  Plan,  that  these recipients may be located  in  your
     country  or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country  may
     have  different data privacy laws and protections than  your
     country.  You hereby understand that you may request a  list
     with the names and addresses of any potential recipients  of
     the   Data   by   contacting  your  local  human   resources
     representative.   You authorize the recipients  to  receive,
     possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
     other  form, for the purposes of implementing, administering
     and  managing your participation in the 2006 Plan, including
     any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to  a
     broker  or  other  third party with whom you  may  elect  to
     deposit  any  shares  of Common Stock  acquired  under  your
     options.  You hereby understand that Data will be held  only
     as  long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage
     your  participation in the 2006 Plan.  You hereby understand
     that  you  may,  at any time, view Data, request  additional
     information  about  the  storage  and  processing  of  Data,
     require  any  necessary amendments  to  Data  or  refuse  or
     withdraw  the consents herein, in any case without cost,  by
     contacting   in   writing   your   local   human   resources
     representative.   You  hereby  understand,   however,   that
     refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability
     to  participate  in the 2006 Plan.  For more information  on
     the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of
     consent,  you

<PAGE>

     hereby understand that you  may  contact  the
     human  resources representative responsible for your country
     at the local or regional level.

16.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  The  provisions of this Agreement and the 2006 Plan are
          incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.  You
          hereby acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has
          been made available to you.  Certain capitalized terms
          used in this Agreement are defined in the 2006 Plan.

          This  Agreement, the Notice of Grant and the 2006  Plan
          constitute the entire understanding between you and the
          Corporation   regarding   the   option.    Any    prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning  the
          option are superseded.

          The  grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or  at  any  time,  does  not  obligate  Intel  or  any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation  that
          Intel  or  any  Subsidiary might make a  grant  in  any
          future year or in any given amount.

     (b)  Options are not part of your employment contract (if any)
          with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected
          compensation, or other remuneration for any purposes,
          including for purposes of computing severance pay or other
          termination compensation or indemnity.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
          any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules
          applicable to the options covered by this Agreement shall
          occur which, in the sole judgment of the Committee, may have
          an adverse effect on the reported earnings, assets or
          liabilities of the Corporation, the Committee may, in its
          sole discretion, modify this Agreement or cancel and cause a
          forfeiture with respect to any unvested options at the time
          of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common Stock of
          Intel, and as required by the laws of your country of residence
          or employment, only authorized but unissued shares thereof shall
          be utilized for delivery upon exercise by the holder in accord
          with the terms hereof.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders
          for its latest fiscal year and Intel Corporation's latest
          quarterly report are available, without charge, at the
          Corporation's business office.

     (g)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may purchase Common Stock of Intel, a Delaware
          corporation, an

<PAGE>

          essential term of this Agreement is that it shall
          be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
          to choice of law principles of Delaware or other jurisdictions.
          Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the
          option granted hereunder shall be brought in the state or federal
          courts of competent jurisdiction in the State of California.


By  your  electronic signature, you and Intel  Corporation  agree
that  the  options  under the ELTSOP program identified  in  your
Notice of Grant are governed by the terms of this Agreement,  the
Notice of Grant and the 2006 Plan.  You further acknowledge  that
you  have read and understand the terms of the options set  forth
in this Agreement.

FAILURE TO ELECTRONICALLY SIGN WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE GRANT  DATE
WILL RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF THE OPTIONS (SEE SECTION 2 OF THIS
AGREEMENT).



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.24
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>exh1024.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24
<TEXT>
                                        Exhibit 10.24

UBS Financial Services Inc.


  Date      Number   Type Price  Amount    Expiration
mm/dd/yyyy                      Granted        Date
                                            mm/dd/yyyy
- --------    -------- ---- -----  -------   -----------
MM/DD/YYYY  000000   NQO  $0.00    000      MM/DD/YYYY

To accept or reject this grant please scroll down to the
bottom of the page.

Intel Corporation
Notice of Grant

Congratulations. You were recently issued a grant under
Intel Corporations Equity Incentive Plan.  Your grant
details, such as the amount granted, vesting schedule and
option expiration date, are listed under the Grants/Awards
tab in your UBS Financial Services Inc. stock account.

Your grant is governed by the terms of Intels Equity
Incentive Plan under which they were granted.  Access the
documents below and the Prospectus via the Library section
of your stock account or visit Intels intranet: Circuit,
select Circuit > Employee Services > Stock.  A paper copy
is available upon request.

To read and print the terms and conditions of your grant
agreement, select the link below.

Terms and Conditions

The most recent Intel Corporation Annual Report to
Stockholders can be found at
www.intc.com/intel/finance/annual.htm

By accepting the terms and conditions of the above grant
agreement, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to
all of the terms and conditions set forth above.

If you decide to reject the terms and conditions of the
grant, your grant will be cancelled.

You make your decision at a later time by selection the
Decide Later button.

Please select one of the following actions.  You will be
asked to confirm your selection on the following page.

	Accept		Reject		Decide Later



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
