-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 J3ZwK7qgrox3gOJY9es/gDnwIwClC5M30LhA+SWcZcU2EzzhrdUHrfgULhWw196W
 PkvuiFgkp4EfMfJQlDDEXA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000050863-06-000133.txt : 20060714
<SEC-HEADER>0000050863-06-000133.hdr.sgml : 20060714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060714151705
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000050863-06-000133
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060712
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				941672743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06217
		FILM NUMBER:		06962563

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087658080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		STREET 2:		RN6-27
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052-8119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                      ____________________

                            FORM 8-K

                         CURRENT REPORT
             Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the
                 Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                 Date of Report:  July 12, 2006
                (Date of earliest event reported)

                        INTEL CORPORATION
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


      Delaware               000-06217             94-1672743
   (State or other          (Commission          (IRS Employer
    jurisdiction
  of incorporation)         File Number)      Identification No.)

  2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara,         95054-1549
                 California
  (Address of principal executive offices)         (Zip Code)

                         (408) 765-8080
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check  the  appropriate  box below if  the  Form  8-K  filing  is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation  of  the
registrant  under  any of the following provisions  (see  General
Instruction A.2. below):

[  ]  Written  communications pursuant  to  Rule  425  under  the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

[  ]  Soliciting  material  pursuant to  Rule  14a-12  under  the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to  Rule  14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to  Rule  13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

          On  July  12,  2006, the Company's Board  of  Directors
approved the compensation amounts payable to non-employee members
of  the Board.  The non-employee director cash compensation  will
remain  as  follows: (1) the annual retainer fee is  $75,000  per
year;  (2)  the non-Chair members of the Audit Committee  fee  is
$10,000  per  year; (3) the Chair of the Audit Committee  fee  is
$20,000 per year; and (3) the fee for each of the Chairs  of  the
Compensation,  Finance, Corporate Governance and Nominating,  and
Executive Committees of the Board, and the Chair of the Company's
Sheltered  Employee Retirement  Plan Investment Policy  Committee
is  $10,000 per year.  Each of the foregoing annual fees is  paid
in  four quarterly pro-rata installments.  Non-employee directors
of  the Company may elect to defer payment of all or any part  of
their  directors'  fees or may elect to receive restricted  stock
units ("RSUs") in lieu of their cash fees.  A summary of the non-
employee  director  compensation  arrangements  is  attached   as
Exhibit 10.1 with this Form 8-K.

          Also on July 12, 2006, the Company's Board of Directors
approved  the  grant of RSUs to each non-employee director  under
the  Intel  Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the  "Plan").
Each  director  will be granted RSUs with an aggregate  value  of
$145,000 divided by the average of the high and low sales  prices
of  one share of the Company's common stock on the date of grant.
These  RSU  grants  are to be made instead  of  grants  of  stock
options.   In  addition,  the  Lead  Independent  Director   will
continue to be paid an additional $30,000 per year, which will be
provided in the form of RSUs instead of being paid in cash.

           The following description is qualified by reference to
the  terms of the form of Intel Corporation Non-Employee Director
Restricted  Stock Unit Agreement and the Notice of Grant,  copies
of which are attached as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3 with this Form 8-
K,  and  to the terms of the Plan, a copy of which was  filed  as
Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated May 22, 2006.   RSUs
are subject to administration and interpretation by the committee
of  the Board of Directors designated pursuant to the Plan, or by
its  delegate.  Grants of RSUs typically vest 1/3 each  year  and
are  100%  vested after three years.  Unvested RSUs are cancelled
as of the date of termination of service as set forth in the form
of  RSU  agreement,  subject to accelerated vesting  upon  death,
retirement  and  disablement.  Unvested RSUs do not  provide  any
rights  of  a  stockholder  and do not  accrue  dividends.   Non-
employee  directors  may elect to defer receipt  of  shares  from
vested RSUs.

<PAGE>

Item 9.01      Financial Statements and Exhibits.

          (d)  Exhibits.

                         The following exhibits are filed as part
               of this Report:

               Exhibit
               Number    Description

               10.1      Summary   of   Intel  Corporation   Non-
                         Employee Director Compensation

               10.2      Form of Non-Employee Director
                         Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under
                         the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for
                         RSUs granted after May 17, 2006)

               10.3      Form  of  Notice of Grant  -  Restricted
                         Stock  Units (incorporated by  reference
                         to  Exhibit 10.13 of the Company's  Form
                         8-K as filed on July 6, 2006)



<PAGE>

                           SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                 INTEL CORPORATION
                                 (Registrant)


                                 By:  /s/ Cary I. Klafter
                                      --------------------------
                                      Cary I. Klafter
Date:  July 14, 2006                  Corporate Secretary


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
                                         Exhibit 10.1


     Summary of Intel Corporation Non-Employee Director
                        Compensation

Cash Compensation

     Annual Retainer Fee:                          $75,000


     Annual Committee Fees

          Audit Committee Chair:                   $20,000
          Audit Committee member (other than       $10,000
          Committee Chair):
          Compensation Committee Chair:            $10,000
          Finance Committee Chair:                 $10,000
          Corporate Governance and Nominating      $10,000
          Committee Chair:
          Executive Committee Chair:               $10,000
          Sheltered Employee Retirement Plan       $10,000
          Investment Policy Committee Chair:

     Retainer and committee fees are paid quarterly in cash
     and can be deferred at the director's election, or
     paid in the form of restricted stock units ("RSUs") at
     the director's election.

Equity Compensation

     Each non-employee director will receive a grant of
     RSUs equal to $145,000 divided by the average of the
     high and low sales prices of one share of the
     Company's common stock on the date of grant.  The Lead
     Independent Director will receive an additional grant
     of RSUs equal to $30,000 divided by the average of the
     high and low sales prices of one share of the
     Company's common stock on the date of grant.

Other Information

     Non-employee directors may elect to defer receipt of
     shares from vested RSUs until termination of service
     as a member of the Board.  Non-employee directors'
     compensation is paid based on a July to June annual
     period.  Intel Corporation reimburses directors for
     their travel and related expenses in connection with
     attending Board meetings and Board-related activities
     and provides each director with a computer for his or
     her personal use.  Directors' charitable contributions
     that meet the guidelines of the Company's employee
     charitable matching gift program are eligible for
     matching funds from the Company in an amount up to
     $10,000 per year.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh102.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>

                                             Exhibit 10.2


                    INTEL CORPORATION
                  NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR
             RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
          UNDER THE 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
          (for RSUs granted after May 17, 2006)

1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This   Restricted   Stock   Unit   Agreement   (this
     "Agreement"), the Notice of Grant delivered herewith
     (the  "Notice  of Grant") and the Intel  Corporation
     2006  Equity  Incentive Plan (the "2006  Plan"),  as
     such  may  be amended from time to time,  constitute
     the  entire  understanding  between  you  and  Intel
     Corporation   (the  "Corporation")   regarding   the
     Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") identified  in  your
     Notice of Grant.

2.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you continuously serve as a member of
     the Corporation's Board of Directors from the Grant
     Date specified in the Notice of Grant through each
     vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the
     RSUs shall vest and be converted into the right to
     receive the number of shares of the Corporation's
     Common Stock, $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     specified in the Notice of Grant with respect to
     such vesting date, except as otherwise provided in
     this Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a
     weekend or any other day on which the Nasdaq Stock
     Market ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall
     vest on the next following NASDAQ business day.  The
     number of shares of Common Stock into which RSUs
     convert as specified in the Notice of Grant shall be
     adjusted for stock splits and similar matters as
     specified in and pursuant to the 2006 Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in
     accordance with the terms of the Notice of Grant and
     this Agreement.  If your service as a member of the
     Corporation's Board of Directors terminates for any
     reason except death, Disablement (defined below) or
     Retirement (defined below), prior to the vesting
     dates set forth in your Notice of Grant, your
     unvested RSUs will be cancelled.

3.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

<PAGE>

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free
     of restrictions as soon as practicable following
     vesting of the RSUs, provided that you have
     satisfied your tax withholding obligations as
     specified under Section 8 of this Agreement and you
     have completed, signed and returned any documents
     and taken any additional action that the Corporation
     deems appropriate to enable it to accomplish the
     delivery of the shares of Common Stock.  The shares
     of Common Stock will be issued in your name (or may
     be issued to your executor or personal
     representative, in the event of your death or
     Disablement), and may be effected by recording
     shares on the stock records of the Corporation or by
     crediting shares in an account established on your
     behalf with a brokerage firm or other custodian, in
     each case as determined by the Corporation.  In no
     event will the Corporation be obligated to issue a
     fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation
     shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of the
     Common Stock during any period when the Corporation
     determines that the conversion of a RSU or the
     delivery of shares hereunder would violate any laws
     of the United States or your country of residence or
     employment and/or may issue shares subject to any
     restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and
     (ii) the date on which shares are issued may include
     a delay in order to provide the Corporation such
     time as it determines appropriate to address tax
     withholding and other administrative matters.

4.   TERMINATION OF SERVICE AS DIRECTOR

     Except  as  expressly  provided  otherwise  in  this
     Agreement, if your term of service as a director  of
     the  Corporation's Board of Directors terminates for
     any  reason  other than death, Disablement  (defined
     below), or Retirement (defined below), all RSUs  not
     then  vested  shall  be cancelled  on  the  date  of
     termination of service.

5.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this
     Agreement, if you die during your term of service as
     a member of the Corporation's Board of Directors,
     your RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%)
     vested.

6.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this
     Agreement, your RSUs will become one hundred percent
     (100%) vested, if your service as a member of the
     Corporation's Board of Directors terminates due to
     your Disablement.  For purposes of this Section 6,
     "Disablement" shall

<PAGE>

     be determined in accordance with
     the standards and procedures of the then-current
     Long Term Disability Plan maintained by the
     Corporation, and, in the event you are not a
     participant in a then-current Long Term Disability
     Plan maintained by the Corporation, "Disablement"
     means a physical condition arising from an illness
     or injury, which renders an individual incapable of
     performing work in any occupation.

7.   RETIREMENT

     If you retire from service as a member of the
     Corporation's Board of Directors at age 72 or more,
     or with at least seven (7) years of service as a
     member of the Corporation's Board of Directors, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

8.   TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting (the later of the date
     indicated in your Notice of Grant or your election
     to defer to a date no later than termination of
     service).  To the extent required by applicable
     federal, state or other law, you shall make
     arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation for the
     payment and satisfaction of any income tax, social
     security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, or payment on account of
     other tax related to withholding obligations that
     arise by reason of granting of a RSU, vesting of a
     RSU or any sale of shares of the Common Stock
     (whichever is applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or
     lift any restrictions on shares of the Common Stock
     pursuant to your RSUs or to recognize any purported
     transfer of shares of the Common Stock until such
     obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee of the
     Board of Directors established pursuant to the 2006
     Plan (the "Committee"), these tax withholding
     obligations (if any) will be satisfied by the
     Corporation withholding a number of shares of Common
     Stock that would otherwise be issued under the RSUs
     that the Corporation determines has a Market Value
     sufficient to meet the tax withholding obligations.
     In the event that the Committee provides that these
     obligations will not be satisfied under the method
     described in the previous sentence, you authorize
     UBS Financial Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of Common
     Stock that are issued under the RSUs, which the
     Corporation determines is sufficient to generate an
     amount that meets the tax withholding obligations
     plus additional shares to account for rounding and
     market fluctuations, and to pay such tax withholding
     to the Corporation.  The shares may be sold as part
     of a block trade with other participants of the 2006
     Plan in which all participants receive an average
     price.  For this purpose,


<PAGE>

     "Market Value" will be
     calculated as the average of the highest and lowest
     sales prices of the Common Stock as reported by
     NASDAQ on the day your RSUs vest.  The future value
     of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown
     and cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You  are  ultimately liable and responsible for  all
     taxes  owed  by  you in connection with  your  RSUs,
     regardless  of any action the Corporation  takes  or
     any  transaction  pursuant to this  Section  8  with
     respect  to  any  tax withholding  obligations  that
     arise  in  connection with the RSUs. The Corporation
     makes no representation or undertaking regarding the
     treatment of any tax withholding in connection  with
     the  grant, issuance, vesting or settlement  of  the
     RSUs or the subsequent sale of any of the shares  of
     Common  Stock  underlying the RSUs  that  vest.  The
     Corporation  does  not  commit  and  is   under   no
     obligation to structure the RSU program to reduce or
     eliminate your tax liability.

9.   ELECTION TO DEFER RECEIPT OF RSU SHARES

     You may elect to defer receipt of shares of Common
     Stock relating to an RSU beyond the vesting dates
     set forth in your Notice of Grant under the rules
     and procedures established separately by the
     Corporation.  That election will allow you to defer
     income recognition, until the date on which your
     service as a member of the Corporation's Board of
     Directors terminates for any reason.  Under Internal
     Revenue Code Section 409A, the election to defer
     under this section must be made in the calendar year
     prior to the year in which services related to those
     RSU's are first performed. Notwithstanding anything
     to the contrary in this Agreement, shares of Common
     Stock will not be issued and you will not have any
     rights of a stockholder in Common Stock issuable
     under this Agreement to the extent that you have
     elected to defer the issuance and receipt of such
     Common Stock. If, however, your service as a member
     of the Corporation's Board of Directors terminates
     prior to the vesting dates set forth in your Notice
     of Grant, any shares that would not have vested on
     your date of termination will be cancelled
     regardless of your election.  Notwithstanding your
     election to defer made in the calendar year prior to
     grant, the Corporation is not obligated to make a
     grant in any future year or in any given amount and
     should not create an expectation that the
     Corporation might make a grant in any future year or
     in any given amount.

10.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or
     assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise
     disposed of in any way, whether by operation of law
     or otherwise, and may not be subject to execution,
     attachment or similar process.  Any attempt to
     transfer, assign, hypothecate or otherwise dispose
     of your RSUs other than as


<PAGE>

     permitted above, shall be
     void and unenforceable against the Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after
     shares of the Common Stock have been issued to you
     following vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of
     all other conditions to the issuance of those shares
     as set forth in this Agreement.  RSUs shall not
     entitle you to any rights of a stockholder of Common
     Stock and there are no voting or dividend rights
     with respect to your RSUs.  RSUs shall remain
     terminable pursuant to this Agreement at all times
     until they vest and convert into shares.  As a
     condition to having the right to receive shares of
     Common Stock pursuant to your RSUs, you acknowledge
     that unvested RSUs shall have no value for purposes
     of any aspect of your employment relationship with
     the Corporation.

11.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2006 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by
     the Committee or the Board of Directors of the
     Corporation to the extent provided in the 2006 Plan.

12.  THE 2006 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are
          defined in the 2006 Plan.  Any prior agreements,
          commitments or negotiations concerning the RSUs are
          superseded by this Agreement and your Notice of Grant.
          You hereby acknowledge that a copy of the 2006 Plan has
          been made available to you.

     (b)  The grant of RSUs to you in any one year, or at any
          time, does not obligate the Corporation to make a grant
          in any future year or in any given amount and should not
          create an expectation that the Corporation might make a
          grant in any future year or in any given amount.

     (c)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the
          Common Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the
          laws of your country of residence, only authorized but
          unissued shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery
          upon vesting in accord with the terms hereof.

     (d)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this
          Agreement, if any changes in the financial or tax
          accounting rules applicable to the RSUs covered by this
          Agreement shall occur which, in the sole judgment of the
          Committee, may have an adverse effect on the reported
          earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this


<PAGE>

          Agreement or cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect
          to any unvested RSUs at the time of such determination.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and
          conditions under which you may be issued shares of Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an
          essential term of this Agreement is that it shall be
          governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without
          regard to choice of law principles of Delaware or other
          jurisdictions.  The Committee may provide that any
          dispute as to this Agreement shall be presented and
          determined in such forum as the Board of Directors may
          specify, including through binding arbitration.  Any
          action, suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement or
          the RSUs granted hereunder shall be brought in the state
          or federal courts of competent jurisdiction in the State
          of California.

     (f)  Copies of Intel Corporation's Annual Report to
          Stockholders for its latest fiscal year and Intel
          Corporation's latest quarterly report are available,
          without charge, at the Corporation's business office.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
