-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LSUQsj6AiHCbwNYdg55fXWo7Ht8ikQagMhVeBRXpkcFDaZey2sQB4G71kel8EL8c
 t3a2bNEjmutoMqX0HVOipg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000050863-04-000207.txt : 20041012
<SEC-HEADER>0000050863-04-000207.hdr.sgml : 20041011
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041012121832
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000050863-04-000207
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041006
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041012
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041012

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				941672743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06217
		FILM NUMBER:		041074083

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087658080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		STREET 2:		RN6-27
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052-8119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>k8.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ELTSOP
<TEXT>
8-K 2004 10-11-04 ELTSOP 1.doc
                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549



                            FORM 8-K

                         CURRENT REPORT
                 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
             OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



                Date of report:  October 6, 2004
                (Date of earliest event reported)



                        INTEL CORPORATION
       (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)



      Delaware              0-06217              94-1672743
     (State of          (Commission File        (IRS Employer
   Incorporation)           Number)          Identification No.)



     2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara, CA 95052-8119
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code)



                         (408) 765-8080
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the
registrant under any of the following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4c))

<PAGE>

    Item    Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
    1.01

            On  October  6, 2004, the Compensation Committee  of
            the  Board  of  Directors of Intel Corporation  (the
            "Corporation")  approved the form  of  non-qualified
            stock option agreement to be used in connection with
            grants   of  stock  options  to  executive  officers
            pursuant  to the Corporation's Executive  Long  Term
            Stock  Option Program (ELTSOP).  ELTSOP  grants  are
            long-term   executive  performance   incentive   and
            retention  awards made pursuant to the Corporation's
            2004  Equity  Incentive Plan, which was approved  by
            the  Corporation's stockholders in May 2004.  ELTSOP
            stock  options typically vest 25% annually beginning
            five  or  six  years after the date of  grant.   The
            delayed vesting of these awards is designed to focus
            the  efforts  of the executive on the  Corporation's
            long-term  performance and stock price appreciation.
            ELTSOP stock options expire ten years from the  date
            of grant.  There is no material relationship between
            the  Corporation  and recipients of  ELTSOP  awards,
            other  than in respect of their employment with  the
            Corporation.

            The form of ELTSOP stock option agreement sets forth
            the  terms  and conditions of stock options  granted
            pursuant  to the Corporation's ELTSOP program.   The
            following  description is qualified by reference  to
            the  terms  of  the  form  of  ELTSOP  stock  option
            agreement, a copy of which is filed with this Form 8-
            K, and to the terms of the Corporation's 2004 Equity
            Incentive  Plan  and the form of  Notice  of  Grant,
            copies  of  which  were filed as exhibits  10.3  and
            10.7,  respectively, to the Corporation's Form  10-Q
            for  the quarter ending June 26, 2004.  ELTSOP stock
            options   are   subject   to   administration    and
            interpretation  by the committee  of  the  Board  of
            Directors designated pursuant to the plan, or by its
            delegate.    Unvested  ELTSOP  stock   options   are
            cancelled  as of the date of employment  termination
            and  vested  options  expire  after  termination  of
            employment as set forth in the form of ELTSOP  stock
            option  agreement.  If employment is terminated  due
            to misconduct, the options will be cancelled and the
            holder will have no further right to exercise  them.
            ELTSOP  stock options are transferable at  death  by
            will  or the laws of descent and distribution or  by
            gift to the permitted transferees identified in  the
            stock option agreement.

    Item    Financial Statements and Exhibits
    9.01

            (c) Exhibits.

            The  following exhibits are filed as  part  of  this
            Report:

 Exhibit    Description
  Number

    10.1    Form of ELTSOP Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement

<PAGE>

                            SIGNATURE
Pursuant  to the requirements of the Securities Exchange  Act  of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed  on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: October 12, 2004             INTEL CORPORATION
                                   (Registrant)

                                   By:  /s/ Patrice C. Scatena
                                        ------------------------
                                        Patrice C. Scatena
                                        Assistant Secretary




<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.1

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                    2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS
GRANTED ON AND AFTER SEPTEMBER 1, 2004 UNDER THE INTEL CORPORATION
2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN FOR GRANTS FORMERLY KNOWN AS ELTSOP
GRANTS

1.   TERMS OF OPTION

     The following terms and conditions (these "Terms") apply  to
     Nonqualified  Stock Options granted to U.S. employees  under
     the  Intel Corporation 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2004
     Plan") for grants formerly known as ELTSOP grants.

2.   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

     The  option is not intended to be an incentive stock  option
     under  Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as
     amended (the "Code") and will be interpreted accordingly.

3.   OPTION PRICE

     The  exercise  price of the option (the "option  price")  is
     100%  of  the  market  value of the common  stock  of  Intel
     Corporation ("Intel" or the "Corporation"), $.001 par  value
     (the "Common Stock"), on the date of grant, as specified  in
     the  Notice  of Grant.  "Market value" means the average  of
     the  highest and lowest sales prices of the Common Stock  as
     reported by NASDAQ.

4.   TERM OF OPTION AND EXERCISE OF OPTION

     To  the  extent  the option has become exercisable  (vested)
     during the periods indicated in the Notice of Grant and  has
     not been previously exercised, and subject to termination or
     acceleration as provided in these Terms and the requirements
     of  these Terms, the Notice of Grant and the 2004 Plan,  you
     may  exercise  the option to purchase up to  the  number  of
     shares of the Common Stock set forth in the Notice of Grant.
     Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary in  Section  5  or
     Sections  7 through 9 hereof, no part of the option  may  be
     exercised after ten (10) years from the date of grant.

     The  process for exercising the option (or any part thereof)
     is  governed by these Terms, the Notice of Grant,  the  2004
     Plan   and   your   agreements  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator.  Exercises of stock options will be processed
     as soon as practicable.  The option price may be paid (a) in
     cash,   (b)   by   arrangement  with  Intel's   stock   plan
     administrator which is acceptable to Intel where payment  of
     the   option  price  is  made  pursuant  to  an  irrevocable
     direction  to  the  broker to deliver all  or  part  of  the
     proceeds  from  the sale of the shares of the  Common  Stock
     issuable under the option to Intel, (c) by delivery  of  any
     other lawful consideration

<PAGE>

     approved  in  advance  by  the Committee  of  the  Board  of
     Directors  of  Intel established pursuant to the  2004  Plan
     (the "Committee") or its delegate, or (d) in any combination
     of  the  foregoing.  Fractional shares may not be exercised.
     Shares  of  the  Common  Stock will be  issued  as  soon  as
     practicable.  You will have the rights of a stockholder only
     after the shares of the Common Stock have been issued.   For
     administrative or other reasons, Intel may from time to time
     suspend  the  ability of employees to exercise  options  for
     limited periods of time.

     Notwithstanding the above, Intel shall not be  obligated  to
     deliver  any  shares of the Common Stock during  any  period
     when  Intel determines that the exercisability of the option
     or  the  delivery  of  shares hereunder  would  violate  any
     federal, state or other applicable laws.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these  Terms  or
     the  applicable  Notice  of Grant,  Intel  may  reduce  your
     unvested options if you change classification from  a  full-
     time to a part-time employee.

     IF  AN  EXPIRATION DATE DESCRIBED HEREIN FALLS ON A WEEKDAY,
     YOU  MUST  EXERCISE YOUR OPTIONS BEFORE 3:45 P.M.  NEW  YORK
     TIME ON THE EXPIRATION DATE.

     IF AN EXPIRATION DATE DESCRIBED HEREIN FALLS ON A WEEKEND OR
     ANY  OTHER DAY ON WHICH THE NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE ("NYSE")
     IS NOT OPEN, YOU MUST EXERCISE YOUR OPTIONS BEFORE 3:45 P.M.
     NEW  YORK  TIME ON THE LAST NYSE BUSINESS DAY PRIOR  TO  THE
     EXPIRATION DATE.

5.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)    Except  as  expressly  provided  otherwise  in   this
     Agreement, if you take a personal leave of absence ("PLOA"),
     the option will be exercisable only to the extent and during
     the times specified in this Section 5:

                     (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is 365 days
               or  less, you may exercise any part of the  option
               that  vested prior to the commencement of the PLOA
               at  any time during the PLOA.  If the duration  of
               the PLOA is greater than 365 days, any part of the
               option  that  had vested prior to the commencement
               of  the PLOA and that has not been exercised  will
               terminate on the 365th day of the PLOA.

                    (2)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than
               thirty (30) days:

                              a.   The exercisability of any part
                    of  the  option that would have vested during
                    the  PLOA  shall be deferred until the  first
                    day  that you return to work (i.e., the  date
                    that the PLOA is terminated); and

                               b.    Any part of the option  that
                    had  not  vested at the commencement  of  the
                    PLOA  and  would not have vested  during  the
                    PLOA shall vest in accordance with the normal

<PAGE>

                          schedule  indicated in  the  Notice  of
                    Grant and shall not be affected by the PLOA.

                     (3)   If the duration of the PLOA equals  or
               exceeds  thirty  (30) days, the exercisability  of
               each  part  of the option scheduled to vest  after
               commencement of the PLOA shall be deferred  for  a
               period of time equal to the duration of the  PLOA,
               however, in no event shall the term of the  option
               be extended beyond ten (10) years from the date of
               grant.    If   you   terminate  employment   after
               returning  from the PLOA but prior to the  end  of
               such  deferral period, you shall have no right  to
               exercise  any  unvested  portion  of  the  option,
               except   to  the  extent  provided  otherwise   in
               Sections  8  and 9 hereof, and such  option  shall
               terminate  as  of  the date that  your  employment
               terminates.

                     (4)   If  you terminate employment with  the
               Corporation during a PLOA:

                               a.    Any  portions of the  option
                    that had vested prior to the commencement  of
                    the  PLOA  shall be exercisable in accordance
                    with   Sections  7  through  9   hereof,   as
                    applicable; and

                               b.    Any  portions of the  option
                    that had not vested prior to the commencement
                    of  the  PLOA shall terminate, except to  the
                    extent provided otherwise in Sections 8 and 9
                    hereof.

          (b)   If you take an approved (i) medical (including  a
          medical  leave  to care for your family,  as  described
          below),  (ii)  industrial, or (iii) military  leave  of
          absence ("LOA"), the option shall be unaffected by such
          LOA  and will vest in accordance with the schedule  set
          forth  in  the Notice of Grant.  For purposes  of  this
          subsection,  family  care  related  medical  leaves  of
          absence are approved periods of time off from work  for
          an  employee to care for: (i) a spouse, parent, and, in
          Oregon  only,  parent-in-law; (ii) a  child,  or  legal
          dependent  who has a serious health condition  and,  in
          Oregon  only, to care for a child who has a non-serious
          medical  condition that requires home care; or (iii)  a
          newborn,  newly-adopted  child or  newly-placed  foster
          child.

6.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF OPTION FOR MISCONDUCT

     If  you  have  allegedly committed an act of  misconduct  as
     defined  in  the 2004 Plan, including, but not  limited  to,
     embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, unauthorized disclosure  of
     trade   secrets  or  confidential  information,  breach   of
     fiduciary  duty or nonpayment of an obligation owed  to  the
     Corporation, an Authorized Officer, as defined in  the  2004
     Plan, may suspend your right to exercise the option, pending
     a  decision by the Committee (or Board of Directors, as  the
     case  may  be)  or  an Authorized Officer to  terminate  the
     option.    The  option  cannot  be  exercised  during   such
     suspension or after such termination.

7.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

<PAGE>

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     your  employment  by  the  Corporation  terminates  for  any
     reason,  whether  voluntarily or involuntarily,  other  than
     death,   Disablement  (defined  below),  or  discharge   for
     misconduct, you may exercise any portion of the option  that
     had  vested  on or prior to the date of termination  at  any
     time  prior  to  ninety (90) days after  the  date  of  such
     termination.  The option shall terminate on the 90th day  to
     the  extent  that  it  is unexercised.  All  unvested  stock
     options  shall  be  cancelled  on  the  date  of  employment
     termination,   regardless   of   whether   such   employment
     termination is voluntary or involuntary.

     For  purposes  of  this Section 7, your  employment  is  not
     deemed  terminated if, prior to sixty (60)  days  after  the
     date  of  termination  from Intel or a Subsidiary,  you  are
     rehired by Intel or a Subsidiary on a basis that would  make
     you eligible for future Intel stock option grants, nor would
     your  transfer from Intel to any Subsidiary or from any  one
     Subsidiary  to  another, or from a Subsidiary  to  Intel  be
     deemed   a   termination  of  employment.    Further,   your
     employment   with   any  partnership,   joint   venture   or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary  in
     which  Intel or a Subsidiary is a party shall be  considered
     employment for purposes of this provision if either (a)  the
     entity  is  designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary  for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are designated  as  an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this provision.

8.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die while employed by the Corporation, the executor  of
     your  will,  administrator of your estate or  any  successor
     trustee of a grantor trust may exercise the option,  to  the
     extent not previously exercised and whether or not vested on
     the  date  of death, at any time prior to 365 days from  the
     date of death.

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
     you  die  prior  to ninety (90) days after terminating  your
     employment with the Corporation, the executor of  your  will
     or  administrator of your estate may exercise the option, to
     the  extent  not previously exercised and to the extent  the
     option had vested on or prior to the date of your employment
     termination, at any time prior to 365 days from the date  of
     your employment termination.

     The option shall terminate on the applicable expiration date
     described  in  this  Section 8, to the  extent  that  it  is
     unexercised.

9.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement and
     at   the  discretion  of  the  Committee  or  its  delegate,
     following your termination of employment due to Disablement,
     you  may  exercise the option, to the extent not  previously
     exercised  and whether or not the option had  vested  on  or
     prior  to  the date of employment termination, at  any  time
     prior  to  365 days from the date of determination  of  your
     Disablement  as  described  in  this  Section  9;  provided,
     however,  that  while the claim of Disablement  is  pending,
     options that were unvested at termination of employment  may
     not be exercised and options that

<PAGE>

     were  vested  at termination of employment may be  exercised
     only  during the period set forth in Section 7 hereof.   The
     option  shall terminate on the 365th day from  the  date  of
     determination  of  Disablement, to the  extent  that  it  is
     unexercised.   For purposes of this Agreement, "Disablement"
     means  a  physical  condition arising  from  an  illness  or
     injury,  which renders an individual incapable of performing
     work  in  any  occupation.   The  determination  as  to   an
     individual's  Disablement shall be made in  accordance  with
     the  standards and procedures of the then-current Long  Term
     Disability  Plan  maintained  by  the  Corporation  or   the
     Subsidiary  that employs you (or if such Subsidiary  has  no
     such plan, in accordance with the Intel Long Term Disability
     Plan) and shall be conclusive on all of the parties.

10.  INCOME TAXES WITHHOLDING

     Nonqualified  stock options are taxable upon  exercise.   To
     the  extent required by applicable federal, state  or  other
     law,  you shall make arrangements satisfactory to Intel  for
     the  satisfaction  of any withholding tax  obligations  that
     arise  by  reason of an option exercise and, if  applicable,
     any sale of shares of the Common Stock.  Intel shall not  be
     required to issue shares of the Common Stock or to recognize
     any  purported transfer of shares of the Common Stock  until
     such  obligations are satisfied.  The Committee  may  permit
     these obligations to be satisfied by having Intel withhold a
     portion  of  the  shares of the Common Stock that  otherwise
     would  be issued to you upon exercise of the option,  or  to
     the  extent permitted by the Committee, by tendering  shares
     of the Common Stock previously acquired.

11.  TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION

     Unless  otherwise  provided by the  Committee,  each  option
     shall be transferable only

          (a)   pursuant to your will or upon your death to  your
          beneficiaries, or

          (b)   by gift to your Immediate Family (defined below),
          partnerships whose only partners are you or members  of
          your  Immediate  Family,  limited  liability  companies
          whose  only  shareholders are you or  members  of  your
          Immediate  Family, trusts established  solely  for  the
          benefit of you or members of your Immediate Family,  or
          private, charitable foundations in which you or members
          of  your Immediate Family control the management of the
          foundation's assets.

     For  purposes of these Terms, "Immediate Family" is  defined
     as your spouse or domestic partner, children, grandchildren,
     parents or siblings.

     With  respect to transfers by gift, options are transferable
     to  private, charitable foundations only to the  extent  the
     options are vested at the time of transfer.  Options may  be
     transferred  by  gift  to  partnerships,  limited  liability
     companies,  or  trusts  in accordance  with  subsection  (b)
     above,  whether or not vested at the time of transfer.   Any
     purported assignment, transfer or encumbrance that does  not
     qualify  under subsections (a) and (b) above shall  be  void
     and unenforceable against the Corporation.

<PAGE>

     Any option transferred by you pursuant to this section shall
     not  be transferable by the recipient except by will or  the
     laws of descent and distribution.

     The  transferability of options is subject to any applicable
     laws of your country of residence or employment.

12.  DISPUTES

     The Committee or its delegate shall finally and conclusively
     determine any disagreement concerning your option.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The  2004  Plan and the option may be amended or altered  by
     the  Committee  or the Board of Directors of  Intel  to  the
     extent provided in the 2004 Plan.

14.  THE 2004 PLAN AND OTHER AGREEMENTS; OTHER MATTERS

          (a)   The  provisions of these Terms and the 2004  Plan
          are incorporated into the Notice of Grant by reference.
          Certain  capitalized  terms used  in  these  Terms  are
          defined in the 2004 Plan.

          These  Terms,  the Notice of Grant and  the  2004  Plan
          constitute the entire understanding between you and the
          Corporation   regarding   the   option.    Any    prior
          agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning  the
          option are superseded.

          The  grant of an option to an employee in any one year,
          or  at  any  time,  does  not  obligate  Intel  or  any
          Subsidiary to make a grant in any future year or in any
          given amount and should not create an expectation  that
          Intel  or  any  Subsidiary might make a  grant  in  any
          future year or in any given amount.

          (b)  To the extent that the option refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws
          of  your  residence or employment, only authorized  but
          unissued  shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery
          upon  exercise by the holder in accord with  the  terms
          hereof.

          (c)   Because  this  Agreement  relates  to  terms  and
          conditions under which you may purchase Common Stock of
          Intel,  a  Delaware corporation, an essential  term  of
          this Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws
          of  the State of Delaware, without regard to choice  of
          law principles of Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any
          action,  suit, or proceeding relating to this Agreement
          or the option granted hereunder shall be brought in the
          state  or  federal courts of competent jurisdiction  in
          the State of California.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
