-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 NEY0G1NntnVi5Ms8LDxZTI1MqDYL7szfjrN2cOyJ8gdvemXktLQgGqLi4rl9/P6U
 O/vSNGt2Xwvi228SbEzAmg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000050863-06-000027.txt : 20060209
<SEC-HEADER>0000050863-06-000027.hdr.sgml : 20060209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060209121809
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000050863-06-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				941672743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06217
		FILM NUMBER:		06591688

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087658080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		STREET 2:		RN6-27
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052-8119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                      ____________________

                            FORM 8-K

                         CURRENT REPORT
 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act
                             of 1934


                Date of Report:  February 3, 2006
                (Date of earliest event reported)

                        INTEL CORPORATION
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


       Delaware               000-06217            94-1672743
    (State or other          (Commission         (IRS Employer
    jurisdiction of
    incorporation)           File Number)     Identification No.)

  2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara,         95054-1549
                 California
  (Address of principal executive offices)         (Zip Code)

                         (408) 765-8080
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check  the  appropriate  box below if  the  Form  8-K  filing  is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation  of  the
registrant  under  any of the following provisions  (see  General
Instruction A.2. below):

[  ]   Written  communications pursuant to  Rule  425  under  the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

[  ]   Soliciting  material pursuant to  Rule  14a-12  under  the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[  ]   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule  14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[  ]   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule  13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4c))

<PAGE>

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On  February 3, 2006, the Compensation Committee of the Board  of
Directors  of Intel Corporation (the "Corporation") approved  the
form of restricted stock unit agreements to be used in connection
with  standard grants of restricted stock units to U.S  employees
and  non-U.S. employees on a broadbased basis ("Standard  RSUs"),
including   executive   officers   of   the   Corporation.    The
Compensation Committee also approved the form of restricted stock
unit  agreements  to be used in connection with restricted  stock
unit  grants  to executive officers pursuant to the Corporation's
Executive Long Term Stock Program ("ELTSOP RSUs").

Both  types of RSU grants are incentive and retention awards made
pursuant  to  the Corporation's stockholder-approved 2004  Equity
Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the "2004 Plan").  There
is   no   material  relationship  between  the  Corporation   and
recipients  of  ELTSOP awards, other than  in  respect  of  their
employment with the Corporation.

The two forms of Standard RSUs for U.S and non-U.S. employees set
forth  the terms and conditions of restricted stock units granted
pursuant  to  the  2004 Plan and the Corporation's  Standard  RSU
program.   The  two  forms of ELTSOP RSUs for U.S.  and  non-U.S.
employees set forth the terms and conditions of restricted  stock
units  granted  pursuant to the 2004 Plan and  the  Corporation's
ELTSOP RSU program.

The  following description is qualified by reference to the terms
of  the  forms of Standard and ELTSOP restricted stock agreements
and the Notice of Grant, copies of which are filed with this Form
8-K,  and  to the terms of the 2004 Plan, a copy of  which  was
filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Corporation's Form 8-K dated May 17,
2005.

Standard  and  ELTSOP  RSUs  are subject  to  administration  and
interpretation  by  the  committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors
designated  pursuant  to the plan, or by its  delegate.  Unvested
Standard  RSUs and ELTSOP RSUs are cancelled as of  the  date  of
employment  termination as set forth in the form of Standard  RSU
and  ELTSOP  RSU  agreements.  Standard RSUs typically  vest  25%
annually beginning one year after the date of grant and ELTSOP RSUs
typically  vest 100% five years after the date of grant,  subject
to  accelerated vesting upon death and Disablement and partial or
accelerated vesting in certain cases upon Retirement.  Both types
of  RSUs  automatically convert to shares of  common  stock  upon
vesting  and  settlement of any tax withholding obligations.   If
employment  is terminated due to misconduct or for reasons  other
than  death,  Disablement and, in certain cases, Retirement,  the
RSUs will be cancelled.  Until RSUs have vested and shares issued
thereunder,  the RSUs do not provide recipients any rights  of  a
stockholder  and  RSUs do not accrue dividend equivalent  rights.
Neither  Standard  RSUs nor ELTSOP RSUs are transferable.   Where
applicable,  the Corporation uses country-specific  Standard  RSU
and ELTSOP RSU agreements to comply with local laws.

<PAGE>

Item 9.01      Financial Statements and Exhibits.

          (c)  Exhibits.

                         The following exhibits are filed as part
               of this Report:

               Exhibit   Description
               Number

               10.1      Standard  Terms and Conditions  Relating
                         to  Restricted Stock Units Granted Under
                         the   Intel   Corporation  2004   Equity
                         Incentive Plan

               10.2      Form  of  Intel  Corporation  Restricted
                         Stock  Unit  Agreement  Under  the  2004
                         Equity Incentive Plan

               10.3      Standard  Terms and Conditions  Relating
                         to  Restricted Stock Units Granted Under
                         the   Intel   Corporation  2004   Equity
                         Incentive  Plan  (For Grants  Under  The
                         ELTSOP Program)

               10.4      Form  of  Intel  Corporation  Restricted
                         Stock  Unit  Agreement  Under  the  2004
                         Equity Incentive Plan (For Grants  Under
                         the ELTSOP Program)

               10.5      Form  of  Notice of Grant of  Restricted
                         Stock Units


<PAGE>

                           SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                INTEL CORPORATION
                                 (Registrant)


                                 By:  /s/ Cary I. Klafter
                                     ----------------------
                                     Cary I. Klafter
Date:  February 9, 2006              Secretary


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>TERMS AND CONDITIONS - RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
<TEXT>
                                           Exhibit 10.1

                      INTEL CORPORATION
                 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

          STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO
                   RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
       GRANTED UNDER THE INTEL CORPORATION 2004 EQUITY
                       INCENTIVE PLAN

1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     Unless provided otherwise in the Notice of Grant,
     these standard terms and conditions ("Standard
     Terms") apply to Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs")
     granted to you, a U.S. employee, under the Intel
     Corporation 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2004
     Plan").  Your Notice of Grant, these Standard
     Terms and the 2004 Plan constitute the entire
     understanding between you and Intel Corporation
     (the "Corporation") regarding the RSUs identified
     in your Notice of Grant.

2.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by
     the Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time
     basis from the Grant Date specified in the Notice
     of Grant through each vesting date specified in
     the Notice of Grant, the RSUs shall vest and be
     converted into the right to receive the number of
     shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $.001
     par value (the "Common Stock"), specified on the
     Notice of Grant with respect to such vesting date,
     except as otherwise provided in these Standard
     Terms.  If a vesting date falls on a weekend or
     any other day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest
     on the next following NASDAQ business day.  The
     number of shares of Common Stock into which RSUs
     convert as specified in the Notice of Grant shall
     be adjusted for stock splits and similar matters
     as specified in and pursuant to the 2004 Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in
     accordance with the terms of the Notice of Grant
     and these Standard Terms.  If your status as an
     Employee terminates for any reason except death,
     Disablement (defined below) or Retirement (defined
     below), prior to the vesting dates set forth in
     your Notice of Grant, your unvested RSUs will be
     cancelled.

3.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become
     free of restrictions as soon as practicable
     following vesting of the RSUs, provided that you
     have satisfied your tax withholding obligations as
     specified under Section 10 of these Standard Terms
     and you have completed, signed and returned any
     documents and taken any additional action that the
     Corporation deems appropriate to enable it to
     accomplish the delivery of the shares of Common
     Stock.  The shares of Common Stock will be issued
     in your name or, in the event of your death or
     Disablement, to your executor or personal
     representative, and may be effected

<PAGE>

     by recording
     shares on the stock records of the Corporation or
     by crediting shares in an account established on
     your behalf with a brokerage firm or other
     custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be
     obligated to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation
     shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of
     the Common Stock during any period when the
     Corporation determines that the conversion of a
     RSU or the delivery of shares hereunder would
     violate any federal, state or other applicable
     laws and/or may issue shares subject to any
     restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and
     (ii) the date on which shares are issued may
     include a delay in order to provide the
     Corporation such time as it determines appropriate
     to address tax withholding and other
     administrative matters.

4.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in these
          Standard Terms, if you take a personal leave of absence
          under the Intel Leave Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will
          vest only to the extent and during the times specified in
          this Section 4:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30)
               days:

               a)   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have vested
                    during the PLOA shall be deferred until the first day that
                    you return to work (i.e., the date that the PLOA is
                    terminated) or, if you return on a day that the NASDAQ is
                    not open, the next following NASDAQ business day; and

               b)   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date that
                    the PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty
               (30) days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of
               Grant for any RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA
               shall be deferred beyond the dates set forth in the Notice
               of Grant by a period of time equal to the duration of the
               PLOA.

          (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during
               a PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates
               set forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 4, any
               RSUs that had not vested prior to the commencement of the
               PLOA shall be cancelled as of the date of your termination
               of employment, as applicable, except to the extent provided
               otherwise in Sections 7 through 9 hereof.

<PAGE>

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a
          PLOA under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall
          be unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance
          with the schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

5.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of
     Directors of the Corporation established pursuant
     to the 2004 Plan (the "Committee"), including any
     Subcommittee or "Authorized Officer" (as defined
     in Section 8. (a)(v) of the 2004 Plan) notifies
     the Corporation that they reasonably believe that
     you have committed an act of misconduct as
     described in Section 8. (a)(v) of the 2004 Plan
     (embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, nonpayment of
     any obligation owed to the Corporation, breach of
     fiduciary duty or deliberate disregard of
     Corporation rules resulting in loss, damage or
     injury to the Corporation, an unauthorized
     disclosure of any Corporation trade secret or
     confidential information, any conduct constituting
     unfair competition, inducing any customer to
     breach a contract with the Corporation or inducing
     any principal for whom the Corporation acts as
     agent to terminate such agency relationship), the
     vesting of your RSUs may be suspended pending a
     determination of whether an act of misconduct has
     been committed. If the Corporation determines that
     you have committed an act of misconduct, all RSUs
     not vested as of the date the Corporation was
     notified that you may have committed an act of
     misconduct shall be cancelled and neither you nor
     any beneficiary shall be entitled to any claim
     with respect to the RSUs whatsoever. Any
     determination by the Committee or an Authorized
     Officer with respect to the foregoing shall be
     final, conclusive, and binding on all interested
     parties.

6.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these
     Standard Terms, if your employment by the
     Corporation terminates for any reason, whether
     voluntarily or involuntarily, other than on
     account of death, Disablement (defined below) or
     Retirement (defined below), all RSUs not then
     vested shall be cancelled on the date of
     employment termination, regardless of whether such
     employment termination is as a result of a
     divestiture or otherwise.   For purposes of this
     Section 6, your employment with any partnership,
     joint venture or corporation not meeting the
     requirements of a Subsidiary in which the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary is a party shall be
     considered employment for purposes of this
     provision if either (a) the entity is designated
     by the Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of
     this provision or (b) you are specifically
     designated as an employee of a Subsidiary for
     purposes of this provision.

<PAGE>

7.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these
     Standard Terms, if you die while employed by the
     Corporation, your RSUs will become one hundred
     percent (100%) vested.

8.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these
     Standard Terms and upon your termination of
     employment as a result of a determination of
     Disablement, your RSUs will become one hundred
     percent (100%) vested.

     For purposes of this Section 8, "Disablement"
     shall be determined in accordance with the
     standards and procedures of the then-current Long
     Term Disability Plan maintained by the Corporation
     or the Subsidiary that employs you, and in the
     event you are not a participant in a then-current
     Long Term Disability Plan maintained by the
     Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you,
     "Disablement" shall have the same meaning as
     disablement is defined in the Intel Long Term
     Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which
     renders an individual incapable of performing work
     in any occupation, as determined by the
     Corporation.

9.   RETIREMENT

     For purposes of these Standard Terms, "Retirement"
     shall mean either Standard Retirement (as defined
     below) or the Rule of 75 (as defined below).  Upon
     your Retirement, vesting of your RSUs shall be
     accelerated to the extent provided in Section 9(a)
     or Section 9(b) below (but not to the extent
     provided under both provisions together),
     whichever results in the greater number of RSUs
     vesting:

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard
          Retirement"), then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest
          within a number of whole years from the date of your
          Retirement determined by dividing the number of years that
          you have been employed by the Corporation (measured in
          complete, whole years) by five (5), rounded down to the
          nearest whole number of years, shall vest as of the date of
          your Retirement. No vesting acceleration shall occur for any
          periods of employment of less than five (5) years; or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the Corporation,
          your age plus years of service (in each case measured in
          complete, whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of 75"),
          then all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within one year of
          the date of your Retirement shall vest as of the date of
          your Retirement.

<PAGE>

10.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market
     value on the date of vesting.  To the extent
     required by applicable federal, state or other
     law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to
     the Corporation for the payment and satisfaction
     of any income tax, social security tax, payroll
     tax, payment on account or other tax related to
     withholding obligations that arise by reason of
     vesting of a RSU and, if applicable, any sale of
     shares of the Common Stock.  The Corporation shall
     not be required to issue or lift any restrictions
     on shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your
     RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of
     shares of the Common Stock until such obligations
     are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation
     withholding a number of shares of Common Stock
     that would otherwise be issued under the RSUs that
     the Corporation determines has a Market Value
     sufficient to meet the tax withholding
     obligations.  In the event that the Committee
     provides that these obligations will not be
     satisfied under the method described in the
     previous sentence, you authorize UBS Financial
     Services Inc., or any successor plan
     administrator, to sell a number of shares of
     Common Stock that are issued under the RSUs, which
     the Corporation determines is sufficient to
     generate an amount that meets the tax withholding
     obligations plus additional shares to account for
     rounding and market fluctuations.  The shares may
     be sold as part of a block trade with other
     participants of the 2004 Plan in which all
     participants receive an average price.  For this
     purpose, "Market Value" will be calculated as the
     average of the highest and lowest sales prices of
     the Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ on the day
     your RSUs vest.  The future value of the
     underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and
     cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all
     taxes owed by you in connection with your RSUs,
     regardless of any action the Corporation takes or
     any transaction pursuant to this Section 10 with
     respect to any tax withholding obligations that
     arise in connection with the RSUs. The Corporation
     makes no representation or undertaking regarding
     the treatment of any tax withholding in connection
     with the grant, issuance, vesting or settlement of
     the RSUs or the subsequent sale of any of the
     shares of Common Stock underlying the RSUs that
     vest. The Corporation does not commit and is under
     no obligation to structure the RSU program to
     reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

11.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER AND RESTRICTIONS

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or
     assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise
     disposed of in any way, whether by operation of
     law or otherwise, and may not be subject to
     execution, attachment or similar process.  Any
     attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or
     otherwise dispose of your RSUs other than as
     permitted above, shall be void and unenforceable
     against the Corporation.

<PAGE>

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only
     after shares of the Common Stock have been issued
     to you following vesting of your RSUs and
     satisfaction of all other conditions to the
     issuance of those shares as set forth in these
     Standard Terms.  RSUs shall not entitle you to any
     rights of a stockholder of Common Stock and there
     are no voting or dividend rights with respect to
     your RSUs.  RSUs shall remain terminable pursuant
     to these Standard Terms at all times until they
     vest and convert into shares.  As a condition to
     having the right to receive shares of Common Stock
     pursuant to your RSUs, you acknowledge that
     unvested RSUs shall have no value for purposes of
     any aspect of your employment relationship with
     the Corporation.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these
     Standard Terms or the applicable Notice of Grant,
     your RSUs are subject to reduction by the
     Corporation if you change your employment
     classification from a full-time employee to a part-
     time employee.

     RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if
     any) with the Corporation, your salary, your
     normal or expected compensation, or other
     remuneration for any purposes, including for
     purposes of computing severance pay or other
     termination compensation or indemnity.

12.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of
     these Standard Terms, your Notice of Grant, the
     RSUs or the 2004 Plan, any adjustments required to
     be made thereunder, and any controversy that may
     arise under the Standard Terms, your Notice of
     Grant, the RSUs or the 2004 Plan shall be
     determined by the Committee (including any
     person(s) to whom the Committee has delegated its
     authority) in its sole and absolute discretion.
     Such decision by the Committee shall be final and
     binding unless determined pursuant to Section
     14(f) to have been arbitrary and capricious.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2004 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered
     by the Committee or the Board of Directors of the
     Corporation to the extent provided in the 2004
     Plan.

14.  THE 2004 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in these Standard Terms
          are defined in the 2004 Plan.  Any prior agreements,
          commitments or negotiations concerning the RSUs are
          superseded by these Standard Terms and your Notice of Grant.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one
          year, or at any time, does not obligate the
          Corporation or any Subsidiary to make a grant
          in any future year or in any given amount and
          should not create an expectation

<PAGE>

          that the
          Corporation or any Subsidiary might make a
          grant in any future year or in any given
          amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the
          Common Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the
          laws of your country of residence or employment, only
          authorized but unissued shares thereof shall be utilized for
          delivery upon vesting in accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of these Standard
          Terms, if any changes in the financial or tax accounting
          rules applicable to the RSUs covered by these Standard Terms
          shall occur which, in the sole judgment of the Committee,
          may have an adverse effect on the reported earnings, assets
          or liabilities of the Corporation, the Committee may, in its
          sole discretion, modify these Standard Terms or cancel and
          cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs at the
          time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in these Standard Terms creates or
          implies an employment contract or term of employment upon
          which you may rely.

     (e)  Notwithstanding  any provision of  these  Standard
          Terms, the Notice of Grant or the 2004 Plan to the contrary,
          if, at the time of your termination of employment with the
          Corporation,  you are a "specified employee" as defined in
          Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code ("Code"), and one
          or more of the payments or benefits received or to be
          received by you pursuant to the RSUs would constitute
          deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, no such
          payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs until the
          earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months after  your
          "separation from service" for any reason, other than death
          or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C)
          of the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the
          ownership or effective control" of the Corporation (as such
          term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The
          provisions of this Section 14(e) shall only apply to the
          extent required to avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax
          or  interest under Section 409A of the Code or any
          regulations or Treasury guidance promulgated thereunder.  In
          addition, if any provision of the RSUs would cause you to
          incur any penalty tax or interest under Section 409A of the
          Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance promulgated
          thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision to
          maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original
          intent of the applicable provision without violating the
          provisions of Section 409A of the Code.

<PAGE>

     (f)  Because these Standard Terms relate to terms and
          conditions under which you may be issued shares of Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an
          essential term of these Standard Terms is that it shall be
          governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without
          regard to choice of law principles of Delaware or other
          jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to
          these Standard Terms or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be
          brought in the state or federal courts of competent
          jurisdiction in the State of California.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex102.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                Exhibit 10.2

                         INTEL CORPORATION
                  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
               UNDER THE 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This    Restricted    Stock   Unit   Agreement    (this
     "Agreement"),  the  Notice of Grant delivered  herewith
     (the  "Notice of Grant") and the Intel Corporation 2004
     Equity Incentive Plan (the "2004 Plan"), as such may be
     amended  from  time  to  time,  constitute  the  entire
     understanding  between you and Intel  Corporation  (the
     "Corporation")  regarding the  Restricted  Stock  Units
     ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from
     the Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through
     each vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the
     RSUs shall vest and be converted into the right to
     receive the number of shares of the Corporation's
     Common Stock, $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     specified on the Notice of Grant with respect to such
     vesting date, except as otherwise provided in this
     Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a weekend or any
     other day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market ("NASDAQ")
     is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in
     the Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits
     and similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the
     2004 Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in
     accordance with the terms of the Notice of Grant and
     this Agreement.  If your status as an Employee
     terminates for any reason except death, Disablement
     (defined below) or Retirement (defined below), prior to
     the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant,
     your unvested RSUs will be cancelled.

3.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting
     of the RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax
     withholding obligations as specified under Section 10
     of this Agreement and you have completed, signed and
     returned any documents and taken any additional action
     that the Corporation deems appropriate to enable it to
     accomplish the delivery of the shares of Common Stock.
     The shares of Common Stock will be issued in your name
     or, in the event of your death or Disablement, to your
     executor or personal representative, and may be
     effected by recording shares on the stock records of
     the Corporation or by crediting shares in an account
     established on your behalf with a brokerage firm or
     other custodian, in each case as determined by the

<PAGE>

     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be
     obligated to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation
     shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of the
     Common Stock during any period when the Corporation
     determines that the conversion of a RSU or the delivery
     of shares hereunder would violate any laws of the
     United States or your country of residence or
     employment and/or may issue shares subject to any
     restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii)
     the date on which shares are issued may include a delay
     in order to provide the Corporation such time as it
     determines appropriate to address tax withholding and
     other administrative matters.

4.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
          you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent and
          during the times specified in this Section 4:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a)   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for any
                    RSUs that (but for this provision) would have vested during
                    the PLOA shall be deferred until the first day that you
                    return to work (i.e., the date that the PLOA is terminated)
                    or, if you return on a day that the NASDAQ is not open, the
                    next following NASDAQ business day; and

               b)   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for any
                    RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date that the
                    PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant for any
               RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA shall be deferred
               beyond the dates set forth in the Notice of Grant by a period of
               time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

          (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates set
               forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 4, any RSUs
               that had not vested prior to the commencement of the PLOA shall
               be cancelled as of the date of your termination of employment,
               as applicable, except to the extent provided otherwise in
               Sections 7 through 9 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

<PAGE>

5.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors
     of the Corporation established pursuant to the 2004
     Plan (the "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or
     "Authorized Officer" (as defined in Section 8. (a)(v)
     of the 2004 Plan) notifies the Corporation that they
     reasonably believe that you have committed an act of
     misconduct as described in Section 8. (a)(v) of the
     2004 Plan (embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, nonpayment
     of any obligation owed to the Corporation, breach of
     fiduciary duty or deliberate disregard of Corporation
     rules resulting in loss, damage or injury to the
     Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information,
     any conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing
     any customer to breach a contract with the Corporation
     or inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts
     as agent to terminate such agency relationship), the
     vesting of your RSUs may be suspended pending a
     determination of whether an act of misconduct has been
     committed. If the Corporation determines that you have
     committed an act of misconduct, all RSUs not vested as
     of the date the Corporation was notified that you may
     have committed an act of misconduct shall be cancelled
     and neither you nor any beneficiary shall be entitled
     to any claim with respect to the RSUs whatsoever. Any
     determination by the Committee or an Authorized Officer
     with respect to the foregoing shall be final,
     conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

6.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this
     Agreement, if your employment by the Corporation
     terminates for any reason, whether voluntarily or
     involuntarily, other than on account of death,
     Disablement (defined below) or Retirement (defined
     below), all RSUs not then vested shall be cancelled on
     the date of employment termination, regardless of
     whether such employment termination is as a result of a
     divestiture or otherwise.   For purposes of this
     Section 6, your employment with any partnership, joint
     venture or corporation not meeting the requirements of
     a Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a Subsidiary
     is a party shall be considered employment for purposes
     of this provision if either (a) an the entity is
     designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are specifically
     designated as an employee of a Subsidiary for purposes
     of this provision.

7.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this
     Agreement, if you die while employed by the
     Corporation, your RSUs will become one hundred percent
     (100%) vested.

8.   DISABILITY

<PAGE>

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this
     Agreement and upon your termination of employment as a
     result of a determination of Disablement, your RSUs
     will become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

     For purposes of this Section 8, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and
     procedures of the then-current Long Term Disability
     Plan maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary
     that employs you, and in the event you are not a
     participant in a then-current Long Term Disability Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that
     employs you, "Disablement" shall have the same meaning
     as disablement is defined in the Intel Long Term
     Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which
     renders an individual incapable of performing work in
     any occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

9.   RETIREMENT

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" shall mean
     either Standard Retirement (as defined below) or the
     Rule of 75 (as defined below).  Upon your Retirement,
     vesting of your RSUs shall be accelerated to the extent
     provided in Section 9(a) or Section 9(b) below (but not
     to the extent provided under both provisions together),
     whichever results in the greater number of RSUs
     vesting:

     (a)  If you retire at or after age 60 ("Standard Retirement"), then
          all RSUs that were scheduled to vest within a number of whole years
          from the date of your Retirement determined by dividing the number
          of years that you have been employed by the Corporation (measured
          in complete, whole years) by five (5), rounded down to the nearest
          whole number of years, shall vest as of the date of your
          Retirement. No vesting acceleration shall occur for any periods of
          employment of less than five (5) years; or

     (b)  If, when you terminate employment with the entire Corporation,
          your age plus years of service (in each case measured in complete,


whole years) equals or exceeds 75 ("Rule of 75"), then all RSUs
          that were scheduled to vest within one year of the date of your
          Retirement shall vest as of the date of your Retirement.

10.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value
     in accordance with the tax laws of the country where
     you are resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in
     accordance with the existing or future tax laws of the
     country where you are resident or employed.  If you are
     an U.S. citizen or expatriate, you may also be subject
     to U.S. tax laws.

<PAGE>

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or
     other law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you for
     the payment and satisfaction of any income tax, social
     security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, payment on account or other
     tax related to withholding obligations that arise by
     reason of granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any
     sale of shares of the Common Stock (whichever is
     applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift
     any restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of
     shares of the Common Stock until such obligations are
     satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation
     withholding a number of shares of Common Stock that
     would otherwise be issued under the RSUs that the
     Corporation determines has a Market Value sufficient to
     meet the tax withholding obligations.  In the event
     that the Committee provides that these obligations will
     not be satisfied under the method described in the
     previous sentence, you authorize UBS Financial Services
     Inc., or any successor plan administrator, to sell a
     number of shares of Common Stock that are issued under
     the RSUs, which the Corporation determines is
     sufficient to generate an amount that meets the tax
     withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations.  The
     shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other
     participants of the 2004 Plan in which all participants
     receive an average price.  For this purpose, "Market
     Value" will be calculated as the average of the highest
     and lowest sales prices of the Common Stock as reported
     by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs vest.  The future value
     of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and
     cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes
     owed by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of
     any action the Corporation takes or any transaction
     pursuant to this Section 10 with respect to any tax
     withholding obligations that arise in connection with
     the RSUs. The Corporation makes no representation or
     undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax
     withholding in connection with the grant, issuance,
     vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent
     sale of any of the shares of Common Stock underlying
     the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not commit and
     is under no obligation to structure the RSU program to
     reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

11.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Your RSUs may not be otherwise transferred or assigned,
     pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any
     way, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may
     not be subject to execution, attachment or similar
     process.  Any attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate
     or otherwise dispose of your RSUs other than as
     permitted above, shall be void and unenforceable
     against the Corporation.

<PAGE>

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after
     shares of the Common Stock have been issued to you
     following vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all
     other conditions to the issuance of those shares as set
     forth in this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to
     any rights of a stockholder of Common Stock and there
     are no voting or dividend rights with respect to your
     RSUs.  RSUs shall remain terminable pursuant to this
     Agreement at all times until they vest and convert into
     shares.  As a condition to having the right to receive
     shares of Common Stock pursuant to your RSUs, you
     acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have no value for
     purposes of any aspect of your employment relationship
     with the Corporation.

12.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2004
     Plan, any adjustments required to be made thereunder,
     and any controversy that may arise under the Standard
     Terms, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2004 Plan
     shall be determined by the Committee (including any
     person(s) to whom the Committee has delegated its
     authority) in its sole and absolute discretion.  Such
     decision by the Committee shall be final and binding
     unless determined pursuant to Section 14(f) to have
     been arbitrary and capricious.

13.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2004 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation
     to the extent provided in the 2004 Plan.

14.  DATA PRIVACY

     You   explicitly  and  unambiguously  consent  to   the
     collection,  use and transfer, in electronic  or  other
     form,  of  your  personal data  as  described  in  this
     document  by the Corporation for the exclusive  purpose
     of   implementing,  administering  and  managing   your
     participation in the 2004 Plan.

     You   hereby  understand  that  the  Corporation  holds
     certain personal information about you, including,  but
     not  limited to, your name, home address and  telephone
     number, date of birth, social insurance number or other
     identification number, salary, nationality, job  title,
     any  shares  of  stock  or directorships  held  in  the
     Corporation,   details  of  all  RSUs  or   any   other
     entitlement  to  shares  of  stock  awarded,  canceled,
     exercised,  vested,  unvested or  outstanding  in  your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering
     and  managing  the  2004  Plan  ("Data").   You  hereby
     understand  that Data may be transferred to  any  third
     parties assisting in the implementation, administration
     and  management of the 2004 Plan, that these recipients
     may  be located in your country or elsewhere, and  that
     the recipient's country may have different data privacy
     laws  and  protections than your country.   You  hereby
     understand that you may request a list with  the  names
     and  addresses of any potential recipients of the  Data
     by    contacting    your    local    human    resources
     representative.   You  authorize  the   recipients   to
     receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in
     electronic   or  other

<PAGE>

     form,  for  the   purposes   of
     implementing,    administering   and   managing    your
     participation in the 2004 Plan, including any requisite
     transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or
     other  third party with whom you may elect  to  deposit
     any  shares  of Common Stock acquired under your  RSUs.
     You  hereby understand that Data will be held  only  as
     long  as  is  necessary  to implement,  administer  and
     manage your participation in the 2004 Plan.  You hereby
     understand  that  you  may, at  any  time,  view  Data,
     request  additional information about the  storage  and
     processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to
     Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in  any
     case  without cost, by contacting in writing your local
     human resources representative.  You hereby understand,
     however, that refusing or withdrawing your consent  may
     affect  your ability to participate in the  2004  Plan.
     For  more  information  on  the  consequences  of  your
     refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you hereby
     understand  that  you may contact the  human  resources
     representative  responsible for  your  country  at  the
     local or regional level.

15.  THE 2004 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined
          in the 2004 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this Agreement
          and your Notice of Grant.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year,
          or at any time, does not obligate the Corporation
          or any Subsidiary to make a grant in any future
          year or in any given amount and should not create
          an expectation that the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary might make a grant in any future year
          or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any
          changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable to the
          RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the sole
          judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs at
          the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed

<PAGE>

          by the laws of the State of
          Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of Delaware or
          other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to
          this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be brought in
          the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction in the State
          of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or
          the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to reduction
          by the Corporation if you change your employment classification
          from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected compensation,
          or other remuneration for any purposes, including for purposes of
          computing severance pay or other termination compensation or
          indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or entitlement
          to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of your
          RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or Common Stock acquired
          through vested RSUs resulting from termination of your active
          employment by the Corporation (for any reason whatsoever and
          whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you hereby
          release the Corporation from any such claim that may arise; if,
          notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court
          of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then you shall be deemed
          irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim.

    (i)   Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2004 Plan to
	  the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
	  employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
	  right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2004 Plan, if
	  any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer
	  actively employed and will not be extended by any notice period
	  mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would not include
	  a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant to local
	  law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary termination of
	  employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
	  right to sell shares of Common Stock that converted from vested
	  RSUs after termination of employment, if any, will be measured by
	  the date of termination of your active employment and will not be
	  extended by any notice period mandated under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of these Standard Terms, the
          Notice of Grant or the 2004 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are a
          "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or benefits
          received or to be received by you pursuant to the RSUs would
          constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, no such
          payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs until the
          earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months after  your
          "separation from service" for any reason, other than death or
          "disability" (as such terms are used in Section 409A(a)(2) of the
          Code), (B) the date of your death or

<PAGE>

          "disability" (as such term is
          used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of the Code) or (C) the effective
          date of a "change in the ownership or effective control" of the
          Corporation (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of
          the Code).  The provisions of this Section 14(e) shall only apply
          to the extent required to avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax
          or interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or
          Treasury guidance promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any
          provision of the RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or
          interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or
          Treasury guidance promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may
          reform such provision to maintain to the maximum extent practicable
          the original intent of the applicable provision without violating
          the provisions of Section 409A of the Code.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex103.txt
<DESCRIPTION>TERMS AND CONDITIONS - RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (ELTSOP)
<TEXT>

                                        Exhibit 10.3

                        INTEL CORPORATION
                   2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

            STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO
                     RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
    GRANTED UNDER THE INTEL CORPORATION 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE
                              PLAN
              (FOR GRANTS UNDER THE ELTSOP PROGRAM)

1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     Unless provided otherwise in the Notice of Grant, these
     standard terms and conditions ("Standard Terms") apply
     to Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") granted to you, a
     U.S. employee, under the Intel Corporation 2004 Equity
     Incentive Plan (the "2004 Plan").  Your Notice of
     Grant, these Standard Terms and the 2004 Plan
     constitute the entire understanding between you and
     Intel Corporation (the "Corporation") regarding the
     RSUs identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from
     the Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through
     each vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the
     RSUs shall vest and be converted into the right to
     receive the number of shares of the Corporation's
     Common Stock, $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     specified on the Notice of Grant with respect to such
     vesting date, except as otherwise provided in these
     Standard Terms.  If a vesting date falls on a weekend
     or any other day on which the NASDAQ Stock Market
     ("NASDAQ") is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the
     next following NASDAQ business day.  The number of
     shares of Common Stock into which RSUs convert as
     specified in the Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for
     stock splits and similar matters as specified in and
     pursuant to the 2004 Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in
     accordance with the terms of the Notice of Grant and
     these Standard Terms.  If your status as an Employee
     terminates for any reason except death, or Disablement
     (defined below), prior to the vesting dates set forth
     in your Notice of Grant, your unvested RSUs will be
     cancelled.

3.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting
     of the RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax
     withholding obligations as specified under Section 9 of
     these Standard Terms and you have completed, signed and
     returned any documents and taken any additional action
     that the Corporation deems appropriate to enable it to
     accomplish the delivery of the shares of Common Stock.
     The shares of Common Stock will be issued in your name
     or, in the event of your death or

<PAGE>

     Disablement, to your
     executor or personal representative, and may be
     effected by recording shares on the stock records of
     the Corporation or by crediting shares in an account
     established on your behalf with a brokerage firm or
     other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be
     obligated to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation
     shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of the
     Common Stock during any period when the Corporation
     determines that the conversion of a RSU or the delivery
     of shares hereunder would violate any federal, state or
     other applicable laws and/or may issue shares subject
     to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii)
     the date on which shares are issued may include a delay
     in order to provide the Corporation such time as it
     determines appropriate to address tax withholding and
     other administrative matters.

4.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Standard
          Terms, if you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel
          Leave Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent
          and during the times specified in this Section 4:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a)   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have vested
                    during the PLOA shall be deferred until the first day that
                    you return to work (i.e., the date that the PLOA is
                    terminated) or, if you return on a day that the NASDAQ is
                    not open, the next following NASDAQ business day; and

               b)   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for any
                    RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date that the
                    PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant for any
               RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA shall be deferred
               beyond the dates set forth in the Notice of Grant by a period of
               time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

          (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates set
               forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 4, any RSUs
               that had not vested prior to the commencement of the PLOA shall
               be cancelled as of

<PAGE>

               the date of your termination of employment, as
               applicable, except to the extent provided otherwise in Sections 7
               through 9 hereof.

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

5.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors
     of the Corporation established pursuant to the 2004
     Plan (the "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or
     "Authorized Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of
     the 2004 Plan) notifies the Corporation that they
     reasonably believe that you have committed an act of
     misconduct as described in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2004
     Plan (embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, nonpayment of
     any obligation owed to the Corporation, breach of
     fiduciary duty or deliberate disregard of Corporation
     rules resulting in loss, damage or injury to the
     Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information,
     any conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing
     any customer to breach a contract with the Corporation
     or inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts
     as agent to terminate such agency relationship), the
     vesting of your RSUs may be suspended pending a
     determination of whether an act of misconduct has been
     committed. If the Corporation determines that you have
     committed an act of misconduct, all RSUs not vested as
     of the date the Corporation was notified that you may
     have committed an act of misconduct shall be cancelled
     and neither you nor any beneficiary shall be entitled
     to any claim with respect to the RSUs whatsoever. Any
     determination by the Committee or an Authorized Officer
     with respect to the foregoing shall be final,
     conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

6.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these
     Standard Terms, if your employment by the Corporation
     terminates for any reason, whether voluntarily or
     involuntarily, other than on account of death, or
     Disablement (defined below), all RSUs not then vested
     shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination regardless of whether such employment
     termination is as a result of a divestiture or
     otherwise.  For purposes of this Section 6, your
     employment with any partnership, joint venture or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a
     Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a Subsidiary is
     a party shall be considered employment for purposes of
     this provision if either (a) the entity is designated
     by the Committee as a Subsidiary for purposes of this
     provision or (b) you are specifically designated as an
     employee of a Subsidiary for purposes of this
     provision.

<PAGE>

7.   DEATH

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these
     Standard Terms, if you die while employed by the
     Corporation, your RSUs will become one hundred percent
     (100%) vested.

8.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in these
     Standard Terms and upon your termination of employment
     as a result of a determination of Disablement, your
     RSUs will become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

     For purposes of this Section 8, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and
     procedures of the then-current Long Term Disability
     Plan maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary
     that employs you, and in the event you are not a
     participant in a then-current Long Term Disability Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that
     employs you, "Disablement" shall have the same meaning
     as disablement is defined in the Intel Long Term
     Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which
     renders an individual incapable of performing work in
     any occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

9.   TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value
     on the date of vesting.  To the extent required by
     applicable federal, state or other law, you shall make
     arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation for the
     payment and satisfaction of any income tax, social
     security tax, payroll tax, payment on account or other
     tax related to withholding obligations that arise by
     reason of vesting of a RSU and, if applicable, any sale
     of shares of the Common Stock.  The Corporation shall
     not be required to issue or lift any restrictions on
     shares of the Common Stock pursuant to your RSUs or to
     recognize any purported transfer of shares of the
     Common Stock until such obligations are satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation
     withholding a number of shares of Common Stock that
     would otherwise be issued under the RSUs that the
     Corporation determines has a Market Value sufficient to
     meet the tax withholding obligations.  In the event
     that the Committee provides that these obligations will
     not be satisfied under the method described in the
     previous sentence, you authorize UBS Financial Services
     Inc., or any successor plan administrator, to sell a
     number of shares of Common Stock that are issued under
     the RSUs, which the Corporation determines is
     sufficient to generate an amount that meets the tax
     withholding obligations plus additional shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations.  The
     shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other

<PAGE>

     participants of the 2004 Plan in which all participants
     receive an average price.  For this purpose, "Market
     Value" will be calculated as the average of the highest
     and lowest sales prices of the Common Stock as reported
     by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs vest.  The future value
     of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and
     cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes
     owed by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of
     any action the Corporation takes or any transaction
     pursuant to this Section 9 with respect to any tax
     withholding obligations that arise in connection with
     the RSUs. The Corporation makes no representation or
     undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax
     withholding in connection with the grant, issuance,
     vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent
     sale of any of the shares of Common Stock underlying
     the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not commit and
     is under no obligation to structure the RSU program to
     reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

10.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER AND RESTRICTIONS

     Until your RSUs have vested and shares of Common Stock
     have been issued to you, your RSUs are not transferable
     other than by last will and testament or the laws of
     descent and distribution.  Your RSUs may not be
     otherwise transferred or assigned, pledged,
     hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not
     be subject to execution, attachment or similar process.
     Any attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or
     otherwise dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted
     above, shall be void and unenforceable against the
     Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after
     shares of the Common Stock have been issued to you
     following vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all
     other conditions to the issuance of those shares as set
     forth in these Standard Terms.  RSUs shall not entitle
     you to any rights of a stockholder of Common Stock and
     there are no voting or dividend rights with respect to
     your RSUs.  RSUs shall remain terminable pursuant to
     these Standard Terms at all times until they vest and
     convert into shares.  As a condition to having the
     right to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant to
     your RSUs, you acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall
     have no value for purposes of any aspect of your
     employment relationship with the Corporation.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these
     Standard Terms or the applicable Notice of Grant, your
     RSUs are subject to reduction by the Corporation if you
     change your employment classification from a full-time
     employee to a part-time employee.

     RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any)
     with the Corporation, your salary, your normal or
     expected compensation, or other remuneration for any
     purposes, including for purposes of computing severance
     pay or other termination compensation or indemnity.

<PAGE>

11.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of these
     Standard Terms, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the
     2004 Plan, any adjustments required to be made
     thereunder, and any controversy that may arise under
     the Standard Terms, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or
     the 2004 Plan shall be determined by the Committee
     (including any person(s) to whom the Committee has
     delegated its authority) in its sole and absolute
     discretion.  Such decision by the Committee shall be
     final and binding unless determined pursuant to Section
     13(f) to have been arbitrary and capricious.

12.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2004 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation
     to the extent provided in the 2004 Plan.

13.  THE 2004 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in these Standard Terms are
          defined in the 2004 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by these Standard
          Terms and your Notice of Grant.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year,
          or at any time, does not obligate the Corporation
          or any Subsidiary to make a grant in any future
          year or in any given amount and should not create
          an expectation that the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary might make a grant in any future year
          or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of these Standard Terms,
          if any changes in the financial or tax accounting rules
          applicable to the RSUs covered by these Standard Terms shall
          occur which, in the sole judgment of the Committee, may have an
          adverse effect on the reported earnings, assets or liabilities of
          the Corporation, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
          modify these Standard Terms or cancel and cause a forfeiture with
          respect to any unvested RSUs at the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in these Standard Terms creates or implies
          an employment contract or term of employment upon which you may
          rely.

     (e)  Notwithstanding any provision of these Standard Terms, the
          Notice of Grant or the 2004 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are
          a "specified employee" as

<PAGE>

          defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or
          benefits received or to be received by you pursuant to the
          RSUs would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
          409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs
          until the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months
          after  your "separation from service" for any reason, other than
          death or "disability" (as such terms are used in Section
          409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of your death or
          "disability" (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of
          the Code) or (C) the effective date of a "change in the ownership
          or effective control" of the Corporation (as such term is used in
          Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code).  The provisions of this
          Section 13(e) shall only apply to the extent required to
          avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any provision of the
          RSUs would cause you to incur any penalty tax or interest under
          Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
          promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may reform such provision
          to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
          of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of
          Section 409A of the Code.

     (f)  Because these Standard Terms relate to terms and conditions
          under which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of these
          Standard Terms is that it shall be governed by the laws of the
          State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of
          Delaware or other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding
          relating to these Standard Terms or the RSUs granted hereunder
          shall be brought in the state or federal courts of competent
          jurisdiction in the State of California.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex104.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (ELTSOP)
<TEXT>

                                                Exhibit 10.4

                         INTEL CORPORATION
                  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
               UNDER THE 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

               (FOR GRANTS UNDER THE ELTSOP PROGRAM)


1.   TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT

     This    Restricted    Stock   Unit   Agreement    (this
     "Agreement"),  the  Notice of Grant delivered  herewith
     (the  "Notice of Grant") and the Intel Corporation 2004
     Equity Incentive Plan (the "2004 Plan"), as such may be
     amended  from  time  to  time,  constitute  the  entire
     understanding  between you and Intel  Corporation  (the
     "Corporation")  regarding the  Restricted  Stock  Units
     ("RSUs") identified in your Notice of Grant.

2.   VESTING OF RSUs

     Provided that you remain continuously employed by the
     Corporation or a Subsidiary on a full time basis from
     the Grant Date specified in the Notice of Grant through
     each vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant, the
     RSUs shall vest and be converted into the right to
     receive the number of shares of the Corporation's
     Common Stock, $.001 par value (the "Common Stock"),
     specified on the Notice of Grant with respect to such
     vesting date, except as otherwise provided in this
     Agreement.  If a vesting date falls on a weekend or any
     other day on which the NASDAQ Stock Market ("NASDAQ")
     is not open, affected RSUs shall vest on the next
     following NASDAQ business day.  The number of shares of
     Common Stock into which RSUs convert as specified in
     the Notice of Grant shall be adjusted for stock splits
     and similar matters as specified in and pursuant to the
     2004 Plan.

     RSUs will vest to the extent provided in and in
     accordance with the terms of the Notice of Grant and
     this Agreement.  If your status as an Employee
     terminates for any reason except death, or Disablement
     (defined below), prior to the vesting dates set forth
     in your Notice of Grant, your unvested RSUs will be
     cancelled.

3.   CONVERSION INTO COMMON STOCK

     Shares of Common Stock will be issued or become free of
     restrictions as soon as practicable following vesting
     of the RSUs, provided that you have satisfied your tax
     withholding obligations as specified under Section 9 of
     this Agreement and you have completed, signed and
     returned any documents and taken any additional action
     that the Corporation deems appropriate to enable it to
     accomplish the delivery of the shares of Common Stock.
     The shares of Common Stock will be issued in your name
     or, in the event of your death or Disablement, to your
     executor or personal representative, and may be
     effected by recording shares on the stock records of
     the Corporation or by crediting shares in an account
     established on your

<PAGE>

     behalf with a brokerage firm or
     other custodian, in each case as determined by the
     Corporation.  In no event will the Corporation be
     obligated to issue a fractional share.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Corporation
     shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of the
     Common Stock during any period when the Corporation
     determines that the conversion of a RSU or the delivery
     of shares hereunder would violate any laws of the
     United States or your country of residence or
     employment and/or may issue shares subject to any
     restrictive legends that, as determined by the
     Corporation's counsel, is necessary to comply with
     securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii)
     the date on which shares are issued may include a delay
     in order to provide the Corporation such time as it
     determines appropriate to address tax withholding and
     other administrative matters.

4.   LEAVES OF ABSENCE

     (a)  Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, if
          you take a personal leave of absence under the Intel Leave
          Guidelines ("PLOA"), your RSUs will vest only to the extent and
          during the times specified in this Section 4:

          (1)  If the duration of the PLOA is less than thirty (30) days:

               a)   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for
                    any RSUs that (but for this provision) would have vested
                    during the PLOA shall be deferred until the first day that
                    you return to work (i.e., the date that the PLOA is
                    terminated) or, if you return on a day that the NASDAQ
                    is not open, the next following NASDAQ business day; and

               b)   The vesting date set forth in your Notice of Grant for any
                    RSUs that are scheduled to vest following the date that the
                    PLOA is terminated shall not be affected by the PLOA.

          (2)  If the duration of the PLOA equals or exceeds thirty (30)
               days, the vesting dates set forth in your Notice of Grant for any
               RSUs that follow the commencement of the PLOA shall be deferred
               beyond the dates set forth in the Notice of Grant by a period of
               time equal to the duration of the PLOA.

          (3)  If you terminate employment with the Corporation during a
               PLOA, then in addition to the effect on the vesting dates set
               forth in clause (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this Section 4, any RSUs
               that had not vested prior to the commencement of the PLOA
               shall be cancelled as of the date of your termination of
               employment, as applicable, except to the extent provided
               otherwise in Sections 7 through 9 hereof.

<PAGE>

     (b)  If you take an approved Leave of Absence other than a PLOA
          under Intel Leave Guidelines, the vesting of RSUs shall be
          unaffected by such absence and will vest in accordance with the
          schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant.

5.   SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF RSU FOR MISCONDUCT

     If at any time the Committee of the Board of Directors
     of the Corporation established pursuant to the 2004
     Plan (the "Committee"), including any Subcommittee or
     "Authorized Officer" (as defined in Section 8(a)(v) of
     the 2004 Plan) notifies the Corporation that they
     reasonably believe that you have committed an act of
     misconduct as described in Section 8(a)(v) of the 2004
     Plan (embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, nonpayment of
     any obligation owed to the Corporation, breach of
     fiduciary duty or deliberate disregard of Corporation
     rules resulting in loss, damage or injury to the
     Corporation, an unauthorized disclosure of any
     Corporation trade secret or confidential information,
     any conduct constituting unfair competition, inducing
     any customer to breach a contract with the Corporation
     or inducing any principal for whom the Corporation acts
     as agent to terminate such agency relationship), the
     vesting of your RSUs may be suspended pending a
     determination of whether an act of misconduct has been
     committed. If the Corporation determines that you have
     committed an act of misconduct, all RSUs not vested as
     of the date the Corporation was notified that you may
     have committed an act of misconduct shall be cancelled
     and neither you nor any beneficiary shall be entitled
     to any claim with respect to the RSUs whatsoever. Any
     determination by the Committee or an Authorized Officer
     with respect to the foregoing shall be final,
     conclusive, and binding on all interested parties.

6.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this
     Agreement, if your employment by the Corporation
     terminates for any reason, whether voluntarily or
     involuntarily, other than on account of death, or
     Disablement (defined below), all RSUs not then vested
     shall be cancelled on the date of employment
     termination, regardless of whether such employment
     termination is as a result of a divestiture or
     otherwise.   For purposes of this Section 6, your
     employment with any partnership, joint venture or
     corporation not meeting the requirements of a
     Subsidiary in which the Corporation or a Subsidiary is
     a party shall be considered employment for purposes of
     this provision if either (a) an the entity is
     designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary for
     purposes of this provision or (b) you are specifically
     designated as an employee of a Subsidiary for purposes
     of this provision.


7.   DEATH

<PAGE>

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this
     Agreement, if you die while employed by the
     Corporation, your RSUs will become one hundred percent
     (100%) vested.

8.   DISABILITY

     Except as expressly provided otherwise in this
     Agreement and upon your termination of employment as a
     result of a determination of Disablement, your RSUs
     will become one hundred percent (100%) vested.

     For purposes of this Section 8, "Disablement" shall be
     determined in accordance with the standards and
     procedures of the then-current Long Term Disability
     Plan maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary
     that employs you, and in the event you are not a
     participant in a then-current Long Term Disability Plan
     maintained by the Corporation or the Subsidiary that
     employs you, "Disablement" shall have the same meaning
     as disablement is defined in the Intel Long Term
     Disability Plan, which is generally a physical
     condition arising from an illness or injury, which
     renders an individual incapable of performing work in
     any occupation, as determined by the Corporation.

9.   TAX WITHHOLDING

     RSUs are taxable upon vesting based on the market value
     in accordance with the tax laws of the country where
     you are resident or employed.  RSUs are taxable in
     accordance with the existing or future tax laws of the
     country where you are resident or employed.  If you are
     an U.S. citizen or expatriate, you may also be subject
     to U.S. tax laws.

     To the extent required by applicable federal, state or
     other law, you shall make arrangements satisfactory to
     the Corporation or the Subsidiary that employs you for
     the payment and satisfaction of any income tax, social
     security tax, payroll tax, social taxes, applicable
     national or local taxes, payment on account or other
     tax related to withholding obligations that arise by
     reason of granting of a RSU, vesting of a RSU or any
     sale of shares of the Common Stock (whichever is
     applicable).

     The Corporation shall not be required to issue or lift
     any restrictions on shares of the Common Stock pursuant
     to your RSUs or to recognize any purported transfer of
     shares of the Common Stock until such obligations are
     satisfied.

     Unless provided otherwise by the Committee, these
     obligations will be satisfied by the Corporation
     withholding a number of shares of Common Stock that
     would otherwise be issued under the RSUs that the
     Corporation determines has a Market Value sufficient to
     meet the tax withholding obligations.  In the event
     that the Committee provides that these obligations will
     not be satisfied under the method described in the
     previous sentence, you authorize UBS Financial Services
     Inc., or any successor plan administrator, to sell a
     number of shares of Common Stock that are issued under
     the RSUs, which the Corporation determines is
     sufficient to generate an amount that meets the tax
     withholding obligations plus additional

<PAGE>

     shares to
     account for rounding and market fluctuations.  The
     shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other
     participants of the 2004 Plan in which all participants
     receive an average price.  For this purpose, "Market
     Value" will be calculated as the average of the highest
     and lowest sales prices of the Common Stock as reported
     by NASDAQ on the day your RSUs vest.  The future value
     of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and
     cannot be predicted with certainty.

     You are ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes
     owed by you in connection with your RSUs, regardless of
     any action the Corporation takes or any transaction
     pursuant to this Section 9 with respect to any tax
     withholding obligations that arise in connection with
     the RSUs. The Corporation makes no representation or
     undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax
     withholding in connection with the grant, issuance,
     vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent
     sale of any of the shares of Common Stock underlying
     the RSUs that vest. The Corporation does not commit and
     is under no obligation to structure the RSU program to
     reduce or eliminate your tax liability.

10.  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     Until your RSUs have vested and shares of Common Stock
     have been issued to you, your RSUs are not transferable
     other than by last will and testament or the laws of
     descent and distribution.  Your RSUs may not be
     otherwise transferred or assigned, pledged,
     hypothecated or otherwise disposed of in any way,
     whether by operation of law or otherwise, and may not
     be subject to execution, attachment or similar process.
     Any attempt to transfer, assign, hypothecate or
     otherwise dispose of your RSUs other than as permitted
     above, shall be void and unenforceable against the
     Corporation.

     You will have the rights of a stockholder only after
     shares of the Common Stock have been issued to you
     following vesting of your RSUs and satisfaction of all
     other conditions to the issuance of those shares as set
     forth in this Agreement.  RSUs shall not entitle you to
     any rights of a stockholder of Common Stock and there
     are no voting or dividend rights with respect to your
     RSUs.  RSUs shall remain terminable pursuant to this
     Agreement at all times until they vest and convert into
     shares.  As a condition to having the right to receive
     shares of Common Stock pursuant to your RSUs, you
     acknowledge that unvested RSUs shall have no value for
     purposes of any aspect of your employment relationship
     with the Corporation.

<PAGE>

11.  DISPUTES

     Any question concerning the interpretation of this
     Agreement, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2004
     Plan, any adjustments required to be made thereunder,
     and any controversy that may arise under the Standard
     Terms, your Notice of Grant, the RSUs or the 2004 Plan
     shall be determined by the Committee (including any
     person(s) to whom the Committee has delegated its
     authority) in its sole and absolute discretion.  Such
     decision by the Committee shall be final and binding
     unless determined pursuant to Section 14(e) to have
     been arbitrary and capricious.

12.  AMENDMENTS

     The 2004 Plan and RSUs may be amended or altered by the
     Committee or the Board of Directors of the Corporation
     to the extent provided in the 2004 Plan.

13.  DATA PRIVACY

     You   explicitly  and  unambiguously  consent  to   the
     collection,  use and transfer, in electronic  or  other
     form,  of  your  personal data  as  described  in  this
     document  by the Corporation for the exclusive  purpose
     of   implementing,  administering  and  managing   your
     participation in the 2004 Plan.

     You   hereby  understand  that  the  Corporation  holds
     certain personal information about you, including,  but
     not  limited to, your name, home address and  telephone
     number, date of birth, social insurance number or other
     identification number, salary, nationality, job  title,
     any  shares  of  stock  or directorships  held  in  the
     Corporation,   details  of  all  RSUs  or   any   other
     entitlement  to  shares  of  stock  awarded,  canceled,
     exercised,  vested,  unvested or  outstanding  in  your
     favor,  for  the purpose of implementing, administering
     and  managing  the  2004  Plan  ("Data").   You  hereby
     understand  that Data may be transferred to  any  third
     parties assisting in the implementation, administration
     and  management of the 2004 Plan, that these recipients
     may  be located in your country or elsewhere, and  that
     the recipient's country may have different data privacy
     laws  and  protections than your country.   You  hereby
     understand that you may request a list with  the  names
     and  addresses of any potential recipients of the  Data
     by    contacting    your    local    human    resources
     representative.   You  authorize  the   recipients   to
     receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in
     electronic   or  other  form,  for  the   purposes   of
     implementing,    administering   and   managing    your
     participation in the 2004 Plan, including any requisite
     transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or
     other  third party with whom you may elect  to  deposit
     any  shares  of Common Stock acquired under your  RSUs.
     You  hereby understand that Data will be held  only  as
     long  as  is  necessary  to implement,  administer  and
     manage your participation in the 2004 Plan.  You hereby
     understand  that  you  may, at  any  time,  view  Data,
     request  additional information about the  storage  and
     processing of Data, require any necessary

<PAGE>

     amendments to
     Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in  any
     case  without cost, by contacting in writing your local
     human resources representative.  You hereby understand,
     however, that refusing or withdrawing your consent  may
     affect  your ability to participate in the  2004  Plan.
     For  more  information  on  the  consequences  of  your
     refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you hereby
     understand  that  you may contact the  human  resources
     representative  responsible for  your  country  at  the
     local or regional level.

14.  THE 2004 PLAN AND OTHER TERMS; OTHER MATTERS

     (a)  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined
          in the 2004 Plan.  Any prior agreements, commitments or
          negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded by this Agreement
          and your Notice of Grant.

          The grant of RSUs to an employee in any one year,
          or at any time, does not obligate the Corporation
          or any Subsidiary to make a grant in any future
          year or in any given amount and should not create
          an expectation that the Corporation or any
          Subsidiary might make a grant in any future year
          or in any given amount.

     (b)  To the extent that the grant of RSUs refers to the Common
          Stock of Intel Corporation, and as required by the laws of your
          country of residence or employment, only authorized but unissued
          shares thereof shall be utilized for delivery upon vesting in
          accord with the terms hereof.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any
          changes in the financial or tax accounting rules applicable to the
          RSUs covered by this Agreement shall occur which, in the sole
          judgment of the Committee, may have an adverse effect on the
          reported earnings, assets or liabilities of the Corporation, the
          Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify this Agreement or
          cancel and cause a forfeiture with respect to any unvested RSUs at
          the time of such determination.

     (d)  Nothing contained in this Agreement creates or implies an
          employment contract or term of employment upon which you may rely.

     (e)  Because this Agreement relates to terms and conditions under
          which you may be issued shares of Common Stock of Intel
          Corporation, a Delaware corporation, an essential term of this
          Agreement is that it shall be governed by the laws of the State of
          Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles of Delaware or
          other jurisdictions.  Any action, suit, or proceeding relating to
          this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder shall be brought in
          the state or federal courts of competent jurisdiction in the State
          of California.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or
          the applicable Notice of Grant, your RSUs are subject to reduction
          by the Corporation if you

<PAGE>

          change your employment classification
          from a full-time employee to a part-time employee.

     (g)  RSUs are not part of your employment contract (if any) with
          the Corporation, your salary, your normal or expected compensation,
          or other remuneration for any purposes, including for purposes of
          computing severance pay or other termination compensation or
          indemnity.

     (h)  In consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or entitlement
          to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of your
          RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or Common Stock acquired
          through vested RSUs resulting from termination of your active
          employment by the Corporation (for any reason whatsoever and
          whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you hereby
          release the Corporation from any such claim that may arise; if,
          notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court
          of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then you shall be deemed
          irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim.

     (i)  Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the 2004 Plan to
          the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of your
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to receive the RSUs and vest in RSUs under the 2004 Plan, if
          any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer
          actively employed and will not be extended by any notice period
          mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would not include
          a period of "garden leave" or similar period pursuant to local
          law); furthermore, in the event of involuntary termination of
          employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your
          right to sell shares of Common Stock that converted from vested
          RSUs after termination of employment, if any, will be measured by
          the date of termination of your active employment and will not be
          extended by any notice period mandated under local law.

     (j)  Notwithstanding any provision of these Standard Terms, the
          Notice of Grant or the 2004 Plan to the contrary, if, at the time
          of your termination of employment with the Corporation,  you are a
          "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
          Revenue Code ("Code"), and one or more of the payments or benefits
          received or to be received by you pursuant to the RSUs would
          constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, no such
          payment or benefit will be provided under the RSUs until the
          earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months after  your
          "separation from service" for any reason, other than death or
          "disability" (as such terms are used in Section 409A(a)(2) of the
          Code), (B) the date of your death or "disability" (as such term is
          used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of the Code) or (C) the effective
          date of a "change in the ownership or effective control" of the
          Corporation (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of
          the Code).  The provisions of this Section 13(e) shall only apply
          to the extent required to avoid your incurrence of any penalty tax
          or interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or
          Treasury guidance promulgated thereunder.  In addition, if any
          provision of the RSUs would cause you to incur any

<PAGE>

          penalty tax or
          interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or
          Treasury guidance promulgated thereunder, the Corporation may
          reform such provision to maintain to the maximum extent practicable
          the original intent of the applicable provision without violating
          the provisions of Section 409A of the Code.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex105.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF NOTICE OF GRANT
<TEXT>
                                        Exhibit 10.5

NOTICE OF GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS


Today is MM/DD/YYYY, 00:00:00 AM EDT. Market Status: Open

Grant Acknowledgement Pending

Date         Number   Type Price  Amount    Expiration
                                  Granted        Date
- --------     -------- ---- -----  -------   -----------
MM/DD/YYYY   000000   NQO  0.00      0       N/A

Congratulations. You were recently issued a grant from your
Company's plan.
To read and print the terms and conditions of your grant
agreement, select the link below.
Terms and Conditions

You may want to print a copy of these document(s) for your
reference.

To receive an email confirmation of your grant
acknowledgement, enter your email address and select Send.
To receive an email confirmation at another address, enter a
new e-mail below and select Send.

                     (e.g. jdoe@aol.com)

  By selecting OK, you have acknowledged the issuance of 1
                          grant(s).

Notice for Non-U.S. Investors | Privacy Policy | Statement
of Financial Condition
If you have any questions or comments, you may contact us at
1 (866) STK-INTC or, if outside the U.S. at +1 (201) 272-
7537.
(c) Copyright 1998-2004, UBS Financial Services Inc. Member
SIPC.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
