-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 PCwxJ3Iu+Z7USSmVhd7OwBbvRyldVQBVXUvwD6c49ornI5zbqJtrNThder+4m50h
 7hh4dnmJVMJaubPLpNT8Hw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000050863-05-000186.txt : 20050725
<SEC-HEADER>0000050863-05-000186.hdr.sgml : 20050725
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20050725130656
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000050863-05-000186
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20050719
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20050725
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20050725

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				941672743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06217
		FILM NUMBER:		05970809

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087658080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD
		STREET 2:		RN6-27
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052-8119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form.txt
<DESCRIPTION>8-K AMENDED BYLAWS, DIRECTOR ELECTION, AND DIRECTORS COMPENSATION
<TEXT>

                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                      ____________________

                            FORM 8-K

                         CURRENT REPORT
 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act
                             of 1934


                 Date of Report:  July 19, 2005
                (Date of earliest event reported)

                        INTEL CORPORATION
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


       Delaware               000-06217            94-1672743
    (State or other          (Commission         (IRS Employer
    jurisdiction of
    incorporation)           File Number)     Identification No.)

  2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara,         95054-1549
                 California
  (Address of principal executive offices)         (Zip Code)

                         (408) 765-8080
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check  the  appropriate  box below if  the  Form  8-K  filing  is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation  of  the
registrant  under  any of the following provisions  (see  General
Instruction A.2. below):

 Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the  Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4c))



Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

           On  July  20,  2005, the Company's Board of  Directors
approved  an  increase  in compensation payable  to  non-employee
members of the Board. The increase in compensation is as follows:
(1)  the  annual cash retainer payable to non-employee  directors
will increase to $75,000 per year from $60,000 per year; (2)  the
annual fee payable to the Lead Independent Director of the  Board
will increase to $30,000 per year from $20,000 per year; and  (3)
the  non-Chair members of the Audit Committee will receive a  new
annual fee of $10,000 per year.  The Chair of the Audit Committee
will continue to receive an annual fee of $20,000 per year.   The
Chairs  of  the  Compensation, Finance, Corporate Governance  and
Nominating, and Executive Committees of the Board, and the  Chair
of   the   Corporation's  Sheltered  Employee   Retirement   Plan
Investment  Policy  Committee will each continue  to  receive  an
annual  fee  of  $10,000 per year.  Each of the foregoing  annual
fees is paid in four quarterly pro-rata installments.  Under  the
Company's Deferral Plan for Outside Directors, directors who  are
not employees of the Company may elect to defer payment of all or
any part of their directors' fees.  A summary of the non-employee
director compensation arrangements reflecting these amendments is
attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.



          Also on July 20, 2005, the Company's Board of Directors
approved  the  grant of 15,000 stock options to each non-employee
director under the Intel Corporation 2004 Equity Incentive  Plan,
as  amended and restated (the "Plan"). The exercise price of each
stock  option is $27.15 per share, which was the average  of  the
high  and  low sales prices of one share of the Company's  common
stock  on  the  date  of  grant.   The  options  shall  be  fully
exercisable on and after one year from the date of grant, subject
to  termination or acceleration as provided in the form of  Intel
Corporation  Non-Employee  Director  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option
Agreement under the Intel Corporation 2004 Equity Incentive Plan,
which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
quarterly  period  ended June 26, 2004 (the "Agreement")  and  is
incorporated by reference herein. Additional terms and provisions
of each option grant are set forth in the Agreement.



          Also on July 20, 2005, the Company's Board of Directors
approved   a  change  to  the  annual  period  for  purposes   of
determining non-employee directors' cash and equity compensation.
The  annual period for director compensation purposes, which  was
formerly May to April, is now July to June.  In conjunction  with
this  change  in the timing of determining director compensation,
the Company's Board of Directors approved an additional amount of
4,000  stock options to all non-employee directors serving as  of
May  18, 2005 reflecting the shift in the directors' compensation
year from May to July 2005.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Principal Officers;  Election
          of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.

(d)            Election of New Director.

          On  July  19,  2005, the Company's Board  of  Directors
elected  James D. Plummer as a member of the Board of  Directors,
effective that day.



Item 5.03 Amendments  to  Articles  of Incorporation  or  Bylaws;
          Change in Fiscal Year.

          On  July  19, 2005, the Board of Directors approved  an
amendment  to  the  Company's bylaws to increase  the  number  of
authorized directors to 11.  The increase was necessary to  elect
James D. Plummer to the Board of Directors.



          Accordingly,  effective as of July  19,  2005,  Article
III,  Section  1  of the Bylaws was amended to provide  that  the
authorized  number  of directors is 11.  The amended  bylaws  are
attached as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.



Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

           As  disclosed under Item 5.02, on July 19,  2005,  the
Company's Board of Directors elected James D. Plummer as a member
of  the  Board  of Directors, effective that day.  The  Company's
press  release announcing Mr. Plummer's election is furnished  as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.



Item 9.01      Financial Statements and Exhibits.

          (c)  Exhibits.

                         The following exhibits are filed as part
               of this Report:

               Exhibit   Description
               Number

               3.1       Intel Corporation Bylaws, as amended  on
                         July 19, 2005

               10.1      Summary   of   Intel  Corporation   Non-
                         Employee Director Compensation





                           SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                 INTEL CORPORATION
                                 (Registrant)


                                 By:  /s/ Patrice C. Scatena
				      ----------------------
                                      Patrice C. Scatena
Date:  July 25, 2005                  Assistant Secretary

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh31bylaws.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED BYLAWS
<TEXT>


                                                      EXHIBIT 3.1

                        INTEL CORPORATION

                             BYLAWS

                            ARTICLE I

                             Offices

     Section 1.  Registered Office.  The registered office of the
corporation  in  the State of Delaware shall be in  the  City  of
Wilmington, County of New Castle.

      Section 2.  Other Offices.  The corporation shall also have
and  maintain  an office or principal place of business  at  2200
Mission  College Boulevard, Santa Clara, County of  Santa  Clara,
State  of  California, and may also have offices  at  such  other
places,  both  within and without the State of Delaware,  as  the
Board  of  Directors  may  from time to  time  determine  or  the
business of the corporation may require.

                           ARTICLE II

                     Stockholders' Meetings

     Section 1.  Place of Meetings.

      (a)   Meetings of the stockholders of the corporation shall
be  held  at  such place, either within or without the  State  of
Delaware, as may be designated from time to time by the Board  of
Directors,  or, if not so designated, then at the office  of  the
corporation  required to be maintained pursuant to Section  2  of
Article I hereof.

      (b)   The  Board of Directors may, in its sole  discretion,
determine  that  stockholder meetings shall not be  held  at  any
place,  but  may  instead  be  held solely  by  means  of  remote
communication  in  accordance  with  Section  211(a)(2)  of   the
Delaware General Corporation Law.  If authorized by the Board  of
Directors  in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines
and  procedures as the Board of Directors may adopt, stockholders
and  proxy  holders  not  physically  present  at  a  meeting  of
stockholders   may,   by  means  of  remote   communication   (a)
participate  in  a  meeting of stockholders; and  (b)  be  deemed
present  in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders  whether
such  meeting  is to be held at a designated place or  solely  by
means  of remote communication, provided that (i) the corporation
shall  implement reasonable measures to verify that  each  person
deemed  present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means  of
remote  communication is a stockholder or proxyholder;  (ii)  the
corporation  shall implement reasonable measures to provide  such
stockholders  and  proxy  holders  a  reasonable  opportunity  to
participate  in the meeting and to vote on matters  submitted  to
the  stockholders, including an opportunity to read or  hear  the
proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently  with  such
proceedings; and (iii) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or
takes   other   action  at  the  meeting  by  means   of   remote
communication,  a record of such vote or other  action  shall  be
maintained by the corporation.

<PAGE>

      Section  2.  Annual Meetings.  The annual meetings  of  the
stockholders  of the corporation for the purpose of  election  of
directors,  and  for  such other business as  may  lawfully  come
before  them, shall be held on such date and at such time as  may
be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, but in
no  event  more than fifteen (15) months after the  date  of  the
preceding annual meeting.

      Section  3.   Special Meetings.  Special  meetings  of  the
stockholders of the corporation may be called, for any purpose or
purposes,  by  the Chairman of the Board or the  Chief  Executive
Officer or the Board of Directors at any time.

     Section 4.  Notice of Meetings.

      (a)  Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate
of  Incorporation,  written  notice (as  the  term  "written"  is
defined  in  Article XII hereof) of each meeting of stockholders,
specifying  the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting;  the
means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and
proxy  holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote  at
such  meeting; and the purpose or purposes of the meeting,  shall
be  given  not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty  (60)  days
before  the  date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled  to
vote thereat, directed to the stockholders in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Article X hereof.  Notice shall be deemed
to  have  been given to all stockholders of record who  share  an
address  if notice is given in accordance with the "householding"
rules  set  forth in Rule 14a-3(e) under the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act").

     (b)  If at any meeting action is proposed to be taken which,
if  taken, would entitle stockholders fulfilling the requirements
of  Section 262(d) of the Delaware General Corporation Law to  an
appraisal of the fair value of their shares, the notice  of  such
meeting  shall contain a statement of that purpose  and  to  that
effect  and  shall  be accompanied by a copy  of  that  statutory
section.

      (c)   When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place,
notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and
place,  if  any, thereof, and the means of remote communications,
if  any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to
be  present in person and vote at such meeting, are announced  at
the  meeting  at  which  the  adjournment  is  taken  unless  the
adjournment  is  for more than thirty days, or unless  after  the
adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting,
in  which event a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be  given
to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

     (d)  Notice of the time, place and purpose of any meeting of
stockholders  may be waived in writing, either  before  or  after
such  meeting, and to the extent permitted by law, will be waived
by  any  stockholder by his attendance thereat, in person  or  by
proxy.   Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting  shall
be  bound  by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects
as if due notice thereof had been given.

<PAGE>

      (e)  Unless and until voted, every proxy shall be revocable
at  the  pleasure of the person who executed it or of  his  legal
representatives  or  assigns, except  in  those  cases  where  an
irrevocable proxy permitted by statute has been given.

     Section 5.  Quorum and Voting.

     (a)  At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise
provided  by  law,  the  Certificate of  Incorporation  or  these
Bylaws,  the presence, in person or by proxy duly authorized,  of
the  holders  of  a majority of the outstanding shares  of  stock
entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business.  Shares, the voting of which at said meeting have  been
enjoined,  or  which for any reason cannot be lawfully  voted  at
such  meeting, shall not be counted to determine a quorum at said
meeting.  In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders
may be adjourned, from time to time, by vote of the holders of  a
majority of the shares represented thereat, but no other business
shall  be transacted at such meeting.  At such adjourned  meeting
at  which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be
transacted  which  might  have been transacted  at  the  original
meeting.   The stockholders present at a duly called or  convened
meeting,  at which a quorum is present, may continue to  transact
business  until  adjournment, notwithstanding the  withdrawal  of
enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum.

     (b)  Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of
Incorporation or these Bylaws, all action taken by the holders of
a  majority  of  the voting power represented at any  meeting  at
which  a  quorum is present shall be valid and binding  upon  the
corporation.

     Section 6.  Voting Rights.

      (a)   Except as otherwise provided by law, only persons  in
whose names shares entitled to vote stand on the stock records of
the   corporation   on  the  record  date  for  determining   the
stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting shall be  entitled  to
vote at such meeting.  Shares standing in the names of two (2) or
more persons shall be voted or represented in accordance with the
determination of the majority of such persons, or,  if  only  one
(1) of such persons is present in person or represented by proxy,
such  person  shall have the right to vote such shares  and  such
shares  shall  be  deemed to be represented for  the  purpose  of
determining a quorum.

     (b)  Every person entitled to vote or execute consents shall
have the right to do so either in person or by an agent or agents
authorized by a written proxy executed by such person or his duly
authorized  agent, which proxy shall be filed with the  Secretary
of  the corporation at or before the meeting at which it is to be
used.   Said  proxy so appointed need not be a  stockholder.   No
proxy  shall  be  voted on after three (3) years  from  its  date
unless the proxy provides for a longer period.

      Section  7.   List of Stockholders.  The  officer  who  has
charge  of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare  and
make,   at   least  ten  (10)  days  before  every   meeting   of
stockholders,  a  complete list of the stockholders  entitled  to
vote at said

<PAGE>

meeting,  arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address  of
and  the  number  of  shares  registered  in  the  name  of  each
stockholder.   Nothing contained in Section 219 of  the  Delaware
General  Corporation Law shall require the corporation to include
electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information
on  such list.  Such list shall be open to the examination of any
stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, for a period
of  at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either (a) on  a
reasonably  accessible  electronic  network,  provided  that  the
information required to gain access to such list is provided with
the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours,
at  the  principal place of business of the corporation.  In  the
event  that the corporation determines to make the list available
on  an  electronic network, the corporation may  take  reasonable
steps  to  ensure  that  such information is  available  only  to
stockholders of the corporation.  If the meeting is to be held at
a  place,  the  list shall be produced and kept at the  time  and
place  of  the meeting during the whole time thereof and  may  be
inspected  by any stockholder who is present.  If the meeting  is
to  be  held  solely by means of remote communication,  the  list
shall  also be open to the examination of any stockholder  during
the  whole  time  of  the  meeting  on  a  reasonably  accessible
electronic  network, and the information required to access  such
list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.

     Section 8.  Nominations and Stockholder Business.

      (a)   Nominations of persons for election to the  Board  of
Directors of the corporation and the proposal of business  to  be
considered  by the stockholders may be made at an annual  meeting
of  stockholders  (a)  pursuant to the  corporation's  notice  of
meeting, (b) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or
(c) by any stockholder of the corporation who is a stockholder of
record  at  the  time of giving of notice provided  for  in  this
section,  who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied
with the notice procedures set forth in this section.

      (b)   For  nominations  or other business  to  be  properly
brought  before  an annual meeting by a stockholder  pursuant  to
this  section,  the  stockholder must have  given  timely  notice
thereof in writing to the Secretary of the corporation, and  such
business  must be a proper subject for stockholder  action  under
the   Delaware  General  Corporation  Law.   To  be   timely,   a
stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the Secretary  at  the
principal  executive offices of the corporation (if delivered  by
electronic mail or facsimile, the stockholder's notice  shall  be
directed  to  the  Secretary at the electronic  mail  address  or
facsimile  number, as the case may be, specified in the company's
most  recent proxy statement) not less than forty-five (45)  days
nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the date  on
which  the corporation first mailed its proxy materials  for  the
prior  year's annual meeting of stockholders; provided,  however,
that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced
by  more than thirty (30) days or delayed (other than as a result
of   adjournment)  by  more  than  thirty  (30)  days  from   the
anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting, notice by  the
stockholder  to  be timely must be delivered not later  than  the
close  of business on the later of the sixtieth (60th) day  prior
to  such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day
on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first
made.   Such stockholder's notice shall set forth (a) as to  each
person whom the

<PAGE>

stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as  a
director  all  information  relating  to  such  person  that   is
required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election
of  directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to
Regulation  14A under the  Exchange Act (including such  person's
written  consent  to  being named in the  proxy  statement  as  a
nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (b) as  to  any
other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before  the
meeting,  a  brief  description of the  business  desired  to  be
brought  before  the  meeting, the reasons  for  conducting  such
business  at  the  meeting  and any  material  interest  in  such
business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on
whose  behalf the proposal is made; and (c) as to the stockholder
giving  the  notice and the beneficial owners  if  any  on  whose
behalf  the  nomination  or proposal is made  (i)  the  name  and
address  of such stockholder, as they appear on the corporation's
books,  and  of  such beneficial owner, and (ii)  the  class  and
number  of shares of the corporation which are owned beneficially
and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner.

      (c)   Notwithstanding  anything  in  this  section  to  the
contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected
to  the  Board  of Directors of the corporation is increased  and
there  is  no  public announcement specifying  the  size  of  the
increased  Board  of Directors made by the corporation  at  least
seventy (70) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding
year's  annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required  by  this
section shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to
nominees  for any new positions created by such increase,  if  it
shall  be  delivered to the Secretary at the principal  executive
offices  of the corporation not later than the close of  business
on  the  tenth (10th) day following the day on which such  public
announcement is first made by the corporation.

      (d)   Only  such business shall be conducted at  a  special
meeting  of  stockholders as shall have been brought  before  the
meeting   pursuant  to  the  corporation's  notice  of   meeting.
Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may
be  made  at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors
are to be elected pursuant to the corporation's notice of meeting
(a)  by  or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b)  by
any stockholder of the corporation who is a stockholder of record
at the time of giving of notice provided for in this section, who
is  entitled  to  vote at the meeting and who complies  with  the
notice  procedures  set  forth in this section.   Nominations  by
stockholders  of persons for election to the Board  of  Directors
may  be  made  at such a special meeting of stockholders  if  the
stockholder's notice required by this section shall be  delivered
to  the  Secretary  at  the principal executive  offices  of  the
corporation  (if delivered by electronic mail or  facsimile,  the
stockholder's  notice shall be directed to the Secretary  at  the
electronic mail address or facsimile number, as the case may  be,
specified  in  the  company's most recent  proxy  statement)  not
earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to  such
special meeting and not later than the close of business  on  the
later of the sixtieth (60th) day prior to such special meeting or
the   tenth  (10th)  day  following  the  day  on  which   public
announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and
of  the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected
at such meeting.

<PAGE>

     (e)  Only those persons who are nominated in accordance with
the  procedures set forth in this section shall be  eligible  for
election as directors at any meeting of stockholders.  Only  such
business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall
have  been  brought  before the meeting in  accordance  with  the
procedures  set  forth  in this section.   The  chairman  of  the
meeting  shall  have  the power and duty to determine  whether  a
nomination  or  any  business proposed to be brought  before  the
meeting  was made in accordance with the procedures set forth  in
this  section and, if any proposed nomination or business is  not
in  compliance with this section, to declare that such  defective
proposal shall be disregarded.

      (f)   For  purposes of this section, "public  announcement"
shall  mean  disclosure in a press release reported  by  the  Dow
Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national  news
service  or in a document publicly filed by the corporation  with
the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 9, 13,
14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

      (g)   Notwithstanding  the  foregoing  provisions  of  this
section,  a  stockholder shall also comply  with  all  applicable
requirements  of  the Exchange Act and the rules and  regulations
thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this section.
Nothing  in this section shall be deemed to affect any rights  of
stockholders   to   request  inclusion  of   proposals   in   the
corporation's  proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8  under  the
Exchange Act.

                           ARTICLE III

                            Directors

      Section  1.   Number  and Term of Office.   The  number  of
directors  which  shall  constitute the whole  of  the  Board  of
Directors shall be eleven (11).  With the exception of the  first
Board  of  Directors, which shall be elected by the incorporator,
and  except  as  provided  in Section  3  of  this  Article,  the
directors  shall  be elected by a plurality vote  of  the  shares
represented  in  person or by proxy, at the  stockholders  annual
meeting  in  each  year and entitled to vote on the  election  of
directors.   Elected directors shall hold office until  the  next
annual  meeting and until their successors shall be duly  elected
and  qualified.  Directors need not be stockholders.  If, for any
cause, the Board of Directors shall not have been elected  at  an
annual  meeting,  they  may  be elected  as  soon  thereafter  as
convenient  at a special meeting of the stockholders  called  for
that purpose in the manner provided in these Bylaws.

      Section 2.  Powers.  The powers of the corporation shall be
exercised, its business conducted and its property controlled  by
or under the direction of the Board of Directors.

       Section  3.   Vacancies.   Vacancies  and  newly   created
directorships  resulting  from any  increase  in  the  authorized
number  of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors
then  in  office,  although less than a  quorum,  or  by  a  sole
remaining  director,  and each director  so  elected  shall  hold
office for the unexpired

<PAGE>

portion  of the term of the director whose place shall be vacant,
and  until  his  successor  shall  have  been  duly  elected  and
qualified.  A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall  be  deemed
to  exist under this section in the case of the death, removal or
resignation of any director, or if the stockholders fail  at  any
meeting  of  stockholders at which directors are  to  be  elected
(including any meeting referred to in Section 4 below)  to  elect
the number of directors then constituting the whole Board.

     Section 4.  Resignations and Removals.

      (a)  Any director may resign at any time by delivering  his
written resignation to the Secretary, such resignation to specify
whether  it will be effective at a particular time, upon  receipt
by  the  Secretary or at the pleasure of the Board of  Directors.
If no such specification is made, it shall be deemed effective at
the  pleasure of the Board of Directors.  When one  (1)  or  more
directors  shall  resign from the Board, effective  at  a  future
date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those
who  have  so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy  or
vacancies,  the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation
or  resignations  shall become effective, and  each  director  so
chosen shall hold office for the unexpired portion of the term of
the director whose place shall be vacated and until his successor
shall have been duly elected and qualified.

      (b)   Except  as  provided in Section 141 of  the  Delaware
General  Corporation  Law, at a special meeting  of  stockholders
called  for  the purpose in the manner hereinabove provided,  the
Board  of  Directors, or any individual director, may be  removed
from  office,  with  or  without cause, and  a  new  director  or
directors elected by a vote of stockholders holding a majority of
the  outstanding  shares  entitled to  vote  at  an  election  of
directors.

     Section 5.  Meetings.

      (a)   Except  as  hereinafter otherwise  provided,  regular
meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held in the office of
the  corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section  2
of  Article I hereof.  Regular meetings of the Board of Directors
may  also  be  held at any place within or without the  State  of
Delaware which has been designated by resolutions of the Board of
Directors  or  the written consent of all directors.   Notice  of
regular meetings of the directors is hereby dispensed with and no
notice whatever of any such meetings need be given.

      (b)  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held
at  any  time  and place within or without the State of  Delaware
whenever  called by the Chairman of the Board, or  by  the  Chief
Executive Officer (if a director) or by any two of the directors.

      (c)   Written notice of the time and place of  all  special
meetings  of  the Board of Directors shall be delivered  to  each
director at least twenty-four (24) hours before the start of  the
meeting,  or  if  sent by first class mail, at least  seventy-two
(72)  hours  before  the  start of the meeting.   Notice  of  any
meeting may be waived in writing

<PAGE>

at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any
director by attendance thereat.

     Section 6.  Quorum and Voting.

      (a)  A quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist of  a
majority of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time
in  accordance with Section 1 of Article III of these Bylaws, but
not less than one (1);  provided, however, at any meeting whether
a  quorum  be  present or otherwise, a majority of the  directors
present  may adjourn from time to time until the time  fixed  for
the  next  regular  meeting of the Board  of  Directors,  without
notice other than by announcement at the meeting.

      (b)   At  each meeting of the Board at which  a  quorum  is
present, all questions and business shall be determined by a vote
of  a  majority of the directors present, unless a different vote
be  required  by law, the Certificate of Incorporation  or  these
Bylaws.

      (c)   Any  member  of  the Board of Directors,  or  of  any
committee  thereof,  may participate in a  meeting  by  means  of
conference telephone or other communication equipment by means of
which  all  persons participating in the meeting  can  hear  each
other,  and  participation  in  a meeting  by  such  means  shall
constitute presence in person at such meeting.

      (d)   The  transactions  of any meeting  of  the  Board  of
Directors,  or any committee thereof, however called or  noticed,
or  wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at  a  meeting
duly  held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be  present
and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors
not present shall deliver to the corporation a written waiver  of
notice,  or a consent to holding such meeting, or an approval  of
the  minutes  thereof.  All such waivers, consents  or  approvals
shall  be filed with the corporate records or made a part of  the
minutes of the meeting.

      Section  7.   Action  Without  Meeting.   Unless  otherwise
restricted  by the Certificate of Incorporation or these  Bylaws,
any  action  required or permitted to be taken at any meeting  of
the  Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be  taken
without  a  meeting,  if all members of  the  Board  or  of  such
committee,  as the case may be, consent thereto in  writing,  and
such   writing  or  writings  are  filed  with  the  minutes   of
proceedings of the Board or committee.  Such filing shall  be  in
paper  form if the minutes are maintained in paper form or  shall
be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic
form.

      Section  8.  Fees and Compensation.  Directors may  receive
compensation  for their services as directors as determined  from
time to time by the Board of Directors.  Nothing herein contained
shall  be  construed to preclude any director  from  serving  the
corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent,  employee
or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor.

<PAGE>

     Section 9.  Committees.

      (a)   Executive  Committee:  The  Board  of  Directors  may
appoint  an Executive Committee of not less than one (1)  member,
each  of  whom shall be a director.  The Executive Committee,  to
the extent permitted by Delaware law, these Bylaws, the Executive
Committee Charter or other resolutions of the Board of Directors,
shall  have and may exercise, when the Board of Directors is  not
in  session,  all  powers  of  the  Board  of  Directors  in  the
management  of  the  business  and affairs  of  the  corporation,
including, without limitation, the power and authority to declare
a  dividend  or to authorize the issuance of stock,  except  such
committee shall not have the power or authority to (a) approve or
adopt, or recommend to the corporation's stockholders, any action
or  matter expressly required by the Delaware General Corporation
Law  to  be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (b) adopt,
amend or repeal any bylaw of the corporation.

      (b)   Other Committees:  The Board of Directors may appoint
such  other  committees as may be permitted by law.   Such  other
committees  appointed by the Board of Directors shall  have  such
powers  and  perform  such duties as may  be  prescribed  by  the
resolution  or  resolutions creating such committee,  but  in  no
event  shall  any such committee have the powers  denied  to  the
Executive Committee in these Bylaws.

      (c)   Term:  The members of all committees of the Board  of
Directors shall serve a term coexistent with that of the Board of
Directors which shall have appointed such committee.  The  Board,
subject  to  the  provisions of subsections (a) or  (b)  of  this
section,  may  at  any time increase or decrease  the  number  of
members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee;
provided  that no committee shall consist of less  than  one  (1)
member.  The membership of a committee member shall terminate  on
the date of his death or voluntary resignation, but the Board may
at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member
and  the  Board may fill any committee vacancy created by  death,
resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of  the
committee.  The Board of Directors may designate one (1) or  more
directors as alternate members of any committee, who may  replace
any   absent  or  disqualified  member  at  any  meeting  of  the
committee,  and,  in addition, in the absence or disqualification
of  any  member  of  a committee, the member or  members  thereof
present  at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether
or   not  the  member  or  members  constitutes  a  quorum,   may
unanimously  appoint another member of the Board of Directors  to
act  at  the  meeting  in  the  place  of  any  such  absent   or
disqualified member.

       (d)   Meetings:   Unless  the  Board  of  Directors  shall
otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or
any  other committee appointed pursuant to this section shall  be
held  at such times and places as are determined by the Board  of
Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof  has
been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of
such  regular meetings need be given thereafter; special meetings
of  any  such committee may be called by any director  who  is  a
member  of such committee, upon written notice to the members  of
such

<PAGE>

committee of the time and place of such special meeting given  in
the  manner provided for the giving of written notice to  members
of  the  Board  of  Directors of the time and  place  of  special
meetings  of  the  Board  of Directors.  Notice  of  any  special
meeting  of  any committee may be waived in writing at  any  time
before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by
attendance  thereat.   A  majority of the  authorized  number  of
members  of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for  the
transaction  of  business, and the act of  a  majority  of  those
present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be  the
act of such committee.

      Section  10:   Emergency  Bylaws.   In  the  event  of  any
emergency, disaster or catastrophe, as referred to in Section 110
of  the  Delaware  General  Corporation  Law,  or  other  similar
emergency  condition, as a result of which a quorum of the  Board
of  Directors or a standing committee of the Board cannot readily
be  convened  for  action,  then the  director  or  directors  in
attendance at a meeting shall constitute a quorum.  Such director
or directors in attendance may further take action to appoint one
(1) or more of themselves or other directors to membership on any
standing or temporary committees of the Board as they shall  deem
necessary and appropriate.

                           ARTICLE IV

                            Officers

     Section 1.  Officers Designated.

     (a)  The officers of the corporation elected by the Board of
Directors  shall  be a Chairman of the Board  of  Directors,  who
shall  be  a member of the Board of Directors, a Chief  Executive
Officer,  a  President,  one  (1)  or  more  Vice  Presidents,  a
Secretary,  a  Chief Financial Officer and a Treasurer  and  such
other officers as the Board of Directors may deem expedient,  and
such  officers  shall be elected in such manner  and  hold  their
offices  for such terms as the Board of Directors may  prescribe.
The  Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to  one
(1)  or more of the officers as they shall deem appropriate.  Any
one  (1) person may hold any number of offices of the corporation
at  any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law.
The  Board of Directors may from time to time, in its discretion,
assign titles, powers, duties and reporting arrangements for  any
elected  officer.   Any  office of the corporation  may  be  left
vacant  from  time  to time at the discretion  of  the  Board  of
Directors.   The salaries and other compensation of the  officers
of  the corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner designated
by the Board of Directors.

      (b)   In  addition to the officers elected by the Board  of
Directors  in  accordance with Section 1(a), the corporation  may
have  one  or more appointed Vice-Presidents, Fellows,  Assistant
Secretaries,  Assistant Treasurers or other officers,  who  shall
also   be   officers  of  the  corporation  (each  an  "Appointed
Officer").   Any  Appointed  Officer  may  be  appointed  by  the
Chairman  of  the  Board  or the Chief  Executive  Officer.   The
Chairman  of  the Board or the Chief Executive Officer  may  from
time  to  time, in his or her discretion, assign powers,  duties,
scope of job responsibilities and reporting arrangements for  any
Appointed Officer.  Any such Appointed Officer shall have such

<PAGE>

title,  powers  and  duties  as  the  person(s)  appointing  such
Appointed  Officer may determine, consistent with  Section  2  of
this Article.

     Section 2.  Tenure, Succession and Duties of Officers.

     (a)  Tenure:  All officers shall hold office at the pleasure
of  the Board of Directors and until their successors shall  have
been  duly  elected  and qualified, unless sooner  removed.   Any
officer elected by the Board of Directors may be removed  at  any
time  by  the  Board of Directors.  If the office of any  elected
officer  becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may  be  left
vacant  or  be  filled by the Board of Directors.  Any  Appointed
Officer may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors, the
Chairman  of  the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.   If  the
office  of  any Appointed Officer becomes vacant for any  reason,
the  vacancy  may be left vacant or be filled by the Chairman  of
the  Board  or  the  Chief Executive Officer.  Nothing  in  these
Bylaws  shall  be construed as creating any kind  of  contractual
right to employment with the corporation.

     (b) Succession:  In the absence of a resolution of the Board
of  Directors  specifying another order of succession,  in  cases
where  a  corporate officer, as listed below, shall be kidnapped,
missing,  dead, deemed by his or her manager to be  incapacitated
and  unable to appropriately perform his or her duties, or in any
other   case  where  such  officer  vacates  his  or  her  office
(individually  a  "Corporate Absence") such  corporate  officer's
powers and duties shall be performed as follows:

           (i)  Succession of the Chairman of the Board:  In  any
case  of  Corporate Absence with regard to the  Chairman  of  the
Board,  the  Board of Directors shall meet promptly  to  consider
whether to confer the title, powers and duties of the Chairman of
the  Board  of  Directors  on another  member  of  the  Board  of
Directors.

           (ii)   Succession of the Chief Executive Officer:   In
any  case of Corporate Absence with regard to the Chief Executive
Officer, the Board of Directors shall meet promptly to confer the
title,  powers  and  duties  of the Chief  Executive  Officer  on
another  elected  officer  or  officers.   Until  the  Board   of
Directors takes such action, the President shall exercise all the
power and perform all the duties of the Chief Executive Officer.

           (iii)  Succession of the President:  In  any  case  of
Corporate  Absence  with regard to the President,  the  Board  of
Directors  shall  meet promptly to confer the title,  powers  and
duties  of  the President on another officer or officers.   Until
the  Board  of  Directors takes such action, the Chief  Executive
Officer  (or if there is no separate Chief Executive  Officer  at
such  time, the Chief Financial Officer) shall exercise all power
and perform all the duties of the President.

          (iv) Succession of the Chief Financial Officer:  In any
case  of  Corporate  Absence with regard to the  Chief  Financial
Officer,   the  Chairman  of the Board  or  the  Chief  Executive
Officer  may  direct  the Vice President, Director  of  Corporate
Finance  to assume and perform the duties of the Chief  Financial
Officer,  and  the Vice President, Director of Corporate  Finance
shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the
Board  of  Directors,  the Chairman of the  Board  or  the  Chief
Executive Officer shall designate from time to time.

           (v)  Succession  of the Treasurer:   In  any  case  of
Corporate  Absence with regard to the Treasurer, the Chairman  of
the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may direct any Assistant
Treasurer to assume and perform the duties of the Treasurer,  and
each Assistant Treasurer shall perform such other duties and

<PAGE>

have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chairman of
the  Board  or  the Chief Executive Officer shall designate  from
time to time.

            (vi)   Succession  of  the  Vice  President,  General
Counsel:   In  any case of Corporate Absence with regard  to  the
Vice President, General Counsel, the Chairman of the Board or the
Chief  Executive  Officer may direct the Vice  President,  Deputy
General Counsel (or if there is no Vice President, Deputy General
Counsel  any  member  of  the Vice President,  General  Counsel's
direct  staff)  to  assume and perform the  duties  of  the  Vice
President,  General  Counsel,  and  the  Vice  President,  Deputy
General Counsel (or such other direct staff member) shall perform
such  other  duties and have such other powers as  the  Board  of
Directors,  the  Chairman of the Board  or  the  Chief  Executive
Officer shall designate from time to time.

           (vii)  Succession of the Secretary:  In  any  case  of
Corporate  Absence with regard to the Secretary, the Chairman  of
the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may direct any Assistant
Secretary to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary,  and
each  Assistant  Secretary shall perform such  other  duties  and
shall  have  such  other powers as the Board  of  Directors,  the
Chairman  of  the  Board  or the Chief  Executive  Officer  shall
designate from time to time.

      (c)   Duties:  The officer(s) bearing the titles set  forth
below  shall  have the powers and duties set forth  below  unless
otherwise determined by the Board of Directors.

           (i)  Duties of the Chairman of the Board of Directors:
The  Chairman  of  the Board of Directors shall  preside  at  all
meetings  of the stockholders and the Board of Directors,  unless
the Board of Directors determines otherwise.  The Chairman of the
Board of Directors shall perform such other duties and have  such
other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from  time
to time.

          (ii)  Duties of the Chief Executive Officer:  The Chief
Executive Officer shall, subject to the oversight of the Board of
Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the
business   and  the  officers,  employees  and  agents   of   the
corporation.   In the absence of the Chairman of the  Board,  the
Chief  Executive  Officer, if such officer is a  director,  shall
preside  at  all meetings of the Board of Directors,  unless  the
Board  of  Directors determines otherwise.  The  Chief  Executive
Officer  shall  perform such other duties  and  have  such  other
powers  as  the Board of Directors shall designate from  time  to
time.

<PAGE>

           (iii)   Duties of President:  Subject to the oversight
of  the  Board  of  Directors and the  supervision,  control  and
authority  of  the Chief Executive Officer, the  President  shall
have  general supervision, direction and control of the  business
and  the officers, employees and agents of the corporation.   The
President  shall  perform such other duties and have  such  other
powers  as  the Board of Directors shall designate from  time  to
time.

           (iv)   Duties of Vice Presidents & Fellows:  The  Vice
Presidents  (whether  elected  by  the  Board  of  Directors   or
appointed  by  the Chairman of the Board or the  Chief  Executive
Officer) and Fellows shall have the powers and perform the duties
that  pertain to, or relate to, such Vice President's or Fellow's
designated  job  or business function and shall have  such  other
powers  and  perform such other duties as the Board of Directors,
the  Chairman  of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer  shall
designate from time to time.

           (v)   Duties of Secretary:  The Secretary shall attend
all  meetings  of the stockholders and of the Board of  Directors
and  any  committee  thereof,  and  shall  record  all  acts  and
proceedings  thereof  in the minute book of the  corporation  and
shall  keep  the  seal of the corporation in safe  custody.   The
Secretary shall give notice, in conformity with these Bylaws,  of
all  meetings  of  the stockholders, and of all meetings  of  the
Board  of  Directors and any Committee thereof requiring  notice.
The Secretary shall perform such other duties and have such other
powers  as  the Board of Directors shall designate from  time  to
time.   It  shall  be  the duty of the Assistant  Secretaries  to
assist the Secretary in the performance of the Secretary's powers
and  duties  and generally to have such other powers and  perform
such  other  duties as may be delegated to them by the  Board  of
Directors,  the  Chairman of the Board  or  the  Chief  Executive
Officer.

           (vi)  Duties of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:
Each  of  the  Chief  Financial Officer and the  Treasurer  shall
control,  audit  and  arrange  the  financial  affairs   of   the
corporation,  consistent with the responsibilities  delegated  to
each  of  them  by the corporation's Chief Executive  Officer  or
President.  The Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer, as the case
may  be,  shall receive and deposit all monies belonging  to  the
corporation and shall pay out the same only in such manner as the
Board  of  Directors may from time to time determine,  and  shall
have such other powers and perform such other duties as the Board
of  Directors may require.  It shall be the duty of the Assistant
Treasurers  to  assist the Treasurer in the  performance  of  the
Treasurer's  powers and duties and generally to have  such  other
powers and perform such other duties as may be delegated to  them
by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief
Executive Officer.

                            ARTICLE V

             Execution of Corporate Instruments, and

          Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation

     Section 1.  Execution of Corporate Instruments.

<PAGE>

      (a)   The  Board  of  Directors  may,  in  its  discretion,
determine  the  method  and designate the  signatory  officer  or
officers,  or  other person or persons, to execute any  corporate
instrument  or  document, or to sign the corporate  name  without
limitation,  except where otherwise provided  by  law,  and  such
execution or signature shall be binding upon the corporation.

      (b)   Unless otherwise specifically determined by the Board
of Directors or otherwise required by law or these Bylaws, formal
contracts  of the corporation, promissory notes, deeds of  trust,
mortgages  and other evidences of indebtedness of the corporation
and  other  corporate instruments or documents shall be executed,
signed  or  endorsed  by the Chairman of  the  Board,  the  Chief
Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary, or by any Vice
President  or  any  Fellow (only with regard  to  such  corporate
instruments that pertain to or relate to such Vice President's or
Fellow's job or business function).

      (c)   All  checks  and  drafts  drawn  on  banks  or  other
depositaries on funds or assets to the credit of the corporation,
or  in  special accounts of the corporation, shall be  signed  by
such  person  or  persons  as  are authorized  by  the  Board  of
Directors.

      Section  2.   Execution and Voting of Securities  Owned  by
Corporation.    All   stock  and  other   securities   of   other
corporations owned or held by the corporation for itself, or  for
other  parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and  all  proxies
with  respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized
so  to  do  by resolution of the Board of Directors  or,  in  the
absence of such authorization, by the Chairman of the Board,  the
Chief  Executive  Officer,  the President,  the  Chief  Financial
Officer, the Treasurer or the Secretary. Certificates for  shares
of  stock  or other securities owned by the corporation shall  be
executed, signed or endorsed by the person authorized so to do by
resolution of the Board of Directors or, in the absence  of  such
authorization, by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief  Executive
Officer,   the  President,  the  Chief  Financial  Officer,   the
Treasurer, or the Secretary.

                           ARTICLE VI

                         Shares of Stock

       Section   1.    Form   and  Execution   of   Certificates.
Certificates for the shares of stock of the corporation shall  be
issued only to the extent as may be required by applicable law or
as   otherwise  authorized  by  the  Secretary  or  an  Assistant
Secretary,  and  if  so  issued shall  be  in  such  form  as  is
consistent  with the Certificate of Incorporation and  applicable
law.  Any such certificate shall be signed by, or in the name  of
the  corporation by, the Chairman of the Board, or by  the  Chief
Executive Officer, or by the President or any Vice President  and
by  the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary  or  an
Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by him
in  the  corporation.   Any  or all  of  the  signatures  on  the
certificate  may  be a facsimile.  In case any officer,  transfer
agent,  or  registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature
has  been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be  such
officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate  is
issued, it may be issued

<PAGE>

with  the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer
agent,  or  registrar at the date of issue.  If  the  corporation
shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more
than  one series of any class, and if and to the extent that  the
corporation shall be required or authorized as provided above  to
issue certificates representing all or a portion of such class or
series  of stock, then the powers, designations, preferences  and
relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each
such  class  of  stock or series thereof and the  qualifications,
limitations  or  restrictions of such preferences  and/or  rights
shall  be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back  of
the  certificate which the corporation shall issue  to  represent
such class or series of stock, provided that, except as otherwise
provided in Section 202 of the Delaware General Corporation  Law,
in  lieu  of  the  foregoing requirements for  such  certificated
shares,  there  may  be set forth on the  face  or  back  of  the
certificate  which the corporation shall issue to represent  such
class  or series of stock, a statement that the corporation  will
furnish  without charge to each stockholder who so  requests  the
powers,  designations,  preferences and relative,  participating,
optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series
thereof  and  the qualifications, limitations or restrictions  of
such preferences and/or rights.

      Section  2.  Lost Certificates.  The Board of Directors  or
the  Secretary  or  an  Assistant  Secretary  may  direct  a  new
certificate  or  certificates  to  be  issued  in  place  of  any
certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation
alleged  to  have been lost or destroyed, upon the making  of  an
affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate  of
stock to be lost or destroyed.  When authorizing such issue of  a
new  certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors  or  the
Secretary  or  an  Assistant  Secretary  may,  in  its  or  their
discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance  thereof,
require  the  owner  of  such lost or  destroyed  certificate  or
certificates,  or  his  legal representative,  to  indemnify  the
corporation in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the
corporation  a  surety bond in such form and  amount  as  it  may
direct  as  indemnity against any claim that may be made  against
the  corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to  have
been lost or destroyed.

      Section  3.  Transfers.  Transfers of record of  shares  of
stock of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by the
holders  thereof, in person or by attorney duly  authorized,  and
with  regard  to  certificated shares, upon the  surrender  of  a
certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly
endorsed.

     Section 4.  Fixing Record Dates.

      (a)   In  order  that  the corporation  may  determine  the
stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any  meeting  of
stockholders  or any adjournment thereof, the Board of  Directors
may  fix  a record date, which record date shall not precede  the
date  upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted
by  the  Board of Directors, and which record date shall  not  be
more  than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date
of  such  meeting.  If no record date is fixed by  the  Board  of
Directors, the record date for determining stockholders  entitled
to  notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at
the close of business on the day next

<PAGE>

preceding  the  day on which notice is given, or,  if  notice  is
waived,  at  the close of business on the day next preceding  the
date   on  which  the  meeting  is  held.   A  determination   of
stockholders  of record entitled to notice of or  to  vote  at  a
meeting  of  stockholders shall apply to any adjournment  of  the
meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a
new record date for the adjourned meeting.

      (b)   In  order  that  the corporation  may  determine  the
stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other
distribution  or  allotment  of any rights  or  the  stockholders
entitled  to  exercise  any  rights in  respect  of  any  change,
conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any  other
lawful  action,  the Board of Directors may fix  a  record  date,
which  record  date  shall not precede the date  upon  which  the
resolution  fixing the record date is adopted, and  which  record
date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action.
If  no  record  date  is fixed, the record date  for  determining
stockholders  for  any such purpose shall  be  at  the  close  of
business  on the day on which the Board of Directors  adopts  the
resolution relating thereto.

      Section 5.  Registered Stockholders.  The corporation shall
be  entitled  to  recognize  the  exclusive  right  of  a  person
registered  on  its  books  as the owner  of  shares  to  receive
dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be  bound  to
recognize  any  equitable or other claim to or interest  in  such
share  or shares on the part of any other person, whether or  not
it  shall  have  express  or  other  notice  thereof,  except  as
otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.

                           ARTICLE VII

               Other Securities of the Corporation

      All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the
corporation, other than stock certificates, may be signed by  the
Chairman  of  the  Board or the Chief Executive  Officer  or  the
President  or any Vice President or such other person as  may  be
authorized  by  the  Board of Directors and  the  corporate  seal
impressed  thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted  thereon
and  attested  by the signature of the Secretary or an  Assistant
Secretary, or the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer;  provided,
however,  that where any such bond, debenture or other  corporate
security  shall  be authenticated by the manual  signature  of  a
trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture
or other corporate security shall be issued, the signature of the
persons  signing and attesting the corporate seal on  such  bond,
debenture  or  other  corporate security  may  be  the  imprinted
facsimile  of  the signatures of such persons.  Interest  coupons
appertaining  to  any  such bond, debenture  or  other  corporate
security,  authenticated  by a trustee  as  aforesaid,  shall  be
signed   by   the  Treasurer  or  Assistant  Treasurer   of   the
corporation,  or  such other person as may be authorized  by  the
Board  of  Directors,  or bear imprinted  thereon  the  facsimile
signature  of  such person.  In case any officer who  shall  have
signed  or  attested  any  bond,  debenture  or  other  corporate
security,  or  whose  facsimile signature shall  appear  thereon,
shall  have  ceased to be such officer of the corporation  before
the  bond,  debenture or other corporate security  so  signed  or
attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other
corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the corporation
and issued and

<PAGE>

delivered  as  though the person who signed  the  same  or  whose
facsimile  signature shall have been used thereon had not  ceased
to be such officer of the corporation.

                          ARTICLE VIII

                         Corporate Seal

  The corporation shall have a common seal, upon which shall be
                           inscribed:

                       "Intel Corporation
                   Incorporated March 1, 1989
                            Delaware"

     In the event the corporation changes its name, the corporate
seal  shall  be  changed to reflect such new name. Any  corporate
instrument  or  document  requiring the  corporate  seal  may  be
executed  as  provided  in Article V of  these  Bylaws,  and  the
corporate seal shall be applied by the Secretary or any Assistant
Secretary.

                           ARTICLE IX

                       Indemnification of

            Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents

      Section 1.  Right to Indemnification.  Each person who  was
or  is  a  party  or is threatened to be made a party  to  or  is
involved  (as a party, witness, or otherwise), in any threatened,
pending,  or  completed  action, suit,  arbitration,  alternative
dispute   mechanism,  inquiry,  administrative   or   legislative
hearing,  investigation  or  any  other  actual,  threatened   or
completed  proceeding,  including any and  all  appeals,  whether
civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (hereinafter  a
"Proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a  person
of  whom  he  or she is the legal representative,  is  or  was  a
director,   officer,  employee,  or  agent  of  the   corporation
(including service with respect to employee benefit plans) or  is
or  was  serving at the request of the corporation as a director,
officer,  employee,  or  agent of another  corporation  or  of  a
partnership,  joint venture, trust, or other enterprise,  whether
the  basis  of  the Proceeding is alleged action in  an  official
capacity  as a director, officer, employee, or agent  or  in  any
other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee, or
agent  (hereafter  an  "Agent"), shall be  indemnified  and  held
harmless  by the corporation to the fullest extent authorized  by
the  Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or  may
hereafter be amended or interpreted (but, in the case of any such
amendment  or  interpretation,  only  to  the  extent  that  such
amendment  or interpretation permits the corporation  to  provide
broader indemnification rights than were permitted prior thereto)
against  all expenses, liability, and loss (including  attorneys'
fees,  judgments,  fines, ERISA excise taxes  or  penalties,  and
amounts  paid  or  to be paid in settlement,  and  any  interest,
assessments,  or other charges imposed thereon, and any  federal,
state,  local, or foreign taxes imposed on any Agent as a  result
of  the  actual  or  deemed receipt of any  payments  under  this
Article)  reasonably  incurred or  suffered  by  such  person  in
connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in,  or
participating in (including on appeal), or preparing for

<PAGE>

any of the foregoing in, any Proceeding (hereinafter "Expenses");
provided,   however,  that  except  as  to  actions  to   enforce
indemnification rights pursuant to Section 3 of this Article, the
corporation shall indemnify any Agent seeking indemnification  in
connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by  such
person only if the Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by
the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  corporation.   The  right  to
indemnification  conferred in this Article shall  be  a  contract
right.

       Section  2.   Authority  to  Advance  Expenses.   Expenses
incurred  by  an officer or director (acting in his  capacity  as
such)  in defending a Proceeding shall be paid by the corporation
in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding, provided,
however,  that  if  required by the Delaware General  Corporation
Law,  as  amended,  such  Expenses shall be  advanced  only  upon
delivery to the corporation of an undertaking by or on behalf  of
such  director  or  officer to repay  such  amount  if  it  shall
ultimately  be  determined that he or she is not entitled  to  be
indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this  Article  or
otherwise.   Expenses incurred by other Agents of the corporation
(or by the directors or officers not acting in their capacity  as
such,  including service with respect to employee benefit  plans)
may  be  advanced upon such terms and conditions as the Board  of
Directors  deems  appropriate.  Any obligation to  reimburse  the
corporation  for  Expense  advances shall  be  unsecured  and  no
interest shall be charged thereon.

      Section  3.  Right of Claimant to Bring Suit.  If  a  claim
under  Section 1 or 2 of this Article is not paid in full by  the
corporation  within thirty (30) days after a  written  claim  has
been  received by the corporation, the claimant may at  any  time
thereafter  bring suit, in a court of competent  jurisdiction  in
the  state  of Delaware, against the corporation to  recover  the
unpaid  amount  of the claim and, if successful in  whole  or  in
part,  the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense
(including attorneys' fees) of prosecuting such claim.  It  shall
be  a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to
enforce  a  claim for expenses incurred in defending a Proceeding
in   advance   of  its  final  disposition  where  the   required
undertaking  has  been  tendered to  the  corporation)  that  the
claimant  has  not  met  the standards of conduct  that  make  it
permissible  under the Delaware General Corporation Law  for  the
corporation  to  indemnify the claimant for the  amount  claimed.
The burden of proving such a defense shall be on the corporation.
Neither  the failure of the corporation (including its  Board  of
Directors,  independent legal counsel, or  its  stockholders)  to
have  made  a  determination prior to the  commencement  of  such
action  that indemnification of the claimant is proper under  the
circumstances  because he or she has met the applicable  standard
of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law, nor
an  actual determination by the corporation (including its  Board
of  Directors,  independent legal counsel, or  its  stockholders)
that  the  claimant  had  not  met such  applicable  standard  of
conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption
that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

      Section  4.  Provisions Nonexclusive.  The rights conferred
on any person by this Article shall not be exclusive of any other
rights  that such person may have or hereafter acquire under  any
statute,   provision   of  the  Certificate   of   Incorporation,
agreement,  vote of stockholders or disinterested  directors,  or
otherwise, both as to

<PAGE>

action  in  an  official capacity and as  to  action  in  another
capacity  while  holding such office.  To  the  extent  that  any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, agreement, or vote
of  the  stockholders or disinterested directors is  inconsistent
with  these Bylaws, the provision, agreement, or vote shall  take
precedence.

      Section  5.   Authority  to Insure.   The  corporation  may
purchase  and maintain insurance to protect itself and any  Agent
against  any Expense, whether or not the corporation  would  have
the  power  to  indemnify the Agent against  such  Expense  under
applicable law or the provisions of this Article.

     Section 6.  Survival of Rights.  The rights provided by this
Article  shall continue as to a person who has ceased  to  be  an
Agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors  and
administrators of such a person.

     Section 7.  Settlement of Claims.  The corporation shall not
be  liable to indemnify any Agent under this Article (a) for  any
amounts  paid  in  settlement of any  action  or  claim  effected
without  the  corporation's written consent, which consent  shall
not  be  unreasonably withheld; or (b) for any judicial award  if
the   corporation   was  not  given  a  reasonable   and   timely
opportunity,  at its expense, to participate in  the  defense  of
such action.

      Section 8.     Effect of Amendment.  Any amendment, repeal,
or  modification of this Article shall not adversely  affect  any
right  or  protection of any Agent existing at the time  of  such
amendment, repeal, or modification.

     Section 9.  Subrogation.  In the event of payment under this
Article,  the  corporation shall be subrogated to the  extent  of
such  payment to all of the rights of recovery of the Agent,  who
shall  execute  all papers required and shall do everything  that
may  be  necessary to secure such rights, including the execution
of such documents necessary to enable the corporation effectively
to bring suit to enforce such rights.

      Section  10.  No Duplication of Payments.  The  corporation
shall  not  be liable under this Article to make any  payment  in
connection  with any claim made against the Agent to  the  extent
the  Agent  has  otherwise actually received payment  (under  any
insurance  policy, agreement, vote, or otherwise) of the  amounts
otherwise indemnifiable hereunder.

                            ARTICLE X

                             Notices

      (a)  Whenever, under any provisions of these Bylaws, notice
is  required  to be given to any stockholder, the same  shall  be
given  in  writing, either (a) timely and duly deposited  in  the
United  States  Mail,  postage  prepaid,  and  addressed  to  the
stockholder's  last known post office address  as  shown  by  the
stock record of the corporation or its transfer agent or (b) by a
form  of  electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder
to whom the notice is given, except to the extent prohibited by

<PAGE>

Section  232(e)  of  the Delaware General Corporation  Law.   Any
consent  to  receive notice by electronic transmission  shall  be
revocable   by   the  stockholder  by  written  notice   to   the
corporation.  Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (i) the
corporation  is unable to deliver by electronic transmission  two
(2)  consecutive notices given by the corporation  in  accordance
with  such consent and (ii) such inability becomes known  to  the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation or to  the
transfer  agent, or other person responsible for  the  giving  of
notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to treat  such
inability  as  a revocation shall not invalidate any  meeting  or
other action.

      (b)  Any notice required to be given to any director may be
given  by the method hereinabove stated.  Any such notice,  other
than  one  which is delivered personally, shall be sent  to  such
post  office address, facsimile number or electronic mail address
as  such  director shall have filed in writing with the Secretary
of  the  corporation, or, in the absence of such filing,  to  the
last known post office address of such director.  It shall not be
necessary  that the same method of giving notice be  employed  in
respect of all directors, but one (1) permissible method  may  be
employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible
method  or  methods may be employed in respect of  any  other  or
others.

      (c)  If no post office address of a stockholder or director
be  known,  such  notice  may  be  sent  to  the  office  of  the
corporation  required to be maintained pursuant to Section  2  of
Article I hereof.  An affidavit executed by a duly authorized and
competent  employee of the corporation or the transfer  agent  or
other  agent  of  the corporation appointed with respect  to  the
class  of  stock  affected, specifying the name and  post  office
address or the names and post office addresses of the stockholder
or  stockholders, director or directors, to whom any such  notice
or  notices was or were given, and the time and method of  giving
the  same (or, for any stockholder or director to whom notice has
been  directed by electronic transmission, the form of electronic
transmission and the facsimile number, electronic mail address or
other location to which such notice was directed and the time  at
which  such  notice  was  directed  to  each  such  director   or
stockholder),  shall be prima facie evidence  of  the  statements
therein contained.

      (d)  All notices given by mail, as above provided, shall be
deemed to have been given as at the time of mailing.  All notices
given  to  stockholders by a form of electronic transmission,  as
above  provided, shall be deemed to have been given:  (a)  if  by
facsimile, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has
consented  to  receive  notice; (b) if by electronic  mail,  when
directed  to  an electronic mail address at which the stockholder
has  consented  to  receive notice; (c) if by  a  posting  on  an
electronic   network  together  with  separate  notice   to   the
stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (i)  such
posting and (ii) the giving of such separate notice; and  (d)  if
by  any  other form of electronic transmission, when directed  to
the  stockholder.  All notices given to directors by  a  form  of
electronic  transmission, as above provided, shall be  deemed  to
have  been  given when directed to the electronic  mail  address,
facsimile  number,  or other location filed  in  writing  by  the
director with the Secretary of the corporation.

<PAGE>

      (e)   The  period  or limitation of time within  which  any
stockholder  may  exercise any option  or  right,  or  enjoy  any
privilege or benefit, or be required to act, or within which  any
director may exercise any power or right, or enjoy any privilege,
pursuant  to  any  notice sent him in the manner above  provided,
shall not be affected or extended in any manner by the failure of
such a stockholder or such director to receive such notice.

      (f)  Whenever any notice is required to be given under  the
provisions   of   the   statutes  or  of   the   Certificate   of
Incorporation,  or of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof  in  writing
given  by the person or persons entitled to said notice,  whether
before  or  after  the  time  stated  therein,  shall  be  deemed
equivalent thereto.

      (g)   Whenever  notice is required to be given,  under  any
provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
of  the  corporation,  to any person with whom  communication  is
unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall  not  be
required  and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental
authority  or agency for a license or permit to give such  notice
to  such  person.  Any action or meeting which shall be taken  or
held without notice to any such person with whom communication is
unlawful  shall have the same force and effect as if such  notice
had  been duly given.  In the event that the action taken by  the
corporation  is  such as to require the filing of  a  certificate
under any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law,  the
certificate  shall state, if such is the fact and  if  notice  is
required,  that  notice  was given to  all  persons  entitled  to
receive  notice  except such persons with whom  communication  is
unlawful.

      (h)  Whenever notice is to be given to the corporation by a
stockholder  under any provision of law or of the Certificate  of
Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation, such notice shall  be
delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices  of
the  corporation.  If delivered by electronic mail or  facsimile,
the  stockholder's notice shall be directed to the  Secretary  at
the  electronic mail address or facsimile number, as the case may
be, specified in the company's most recent proxy statement.

                           ARTICLE XI

                           Amendments

       Unless   otherwise   provided  in   the   Certificate   of
Incorporation, these Bylaws may be repealed, altered  or  amended
or  new Bylaws adopted at any meeting of the stockholders, either
annual  or special, by the affirmative vote of a majority of  the
stock  entitled to vote at such meeting.  The Board of  Directors
shall  also  have the authority to repeal, alter or  amend  these
Bylaws  or  adopt new Bylaws (including, without limitation,  the
amendment of any Bylaws setting forth the number of directors who
shall  constitute  the  whole Board of  Directors)  by  unanimous
written consent or at any annual, regular, or special meeting  by
the  affirmative  vote  of a majority  of  the  whole  number  of
directors, subject to the power of the stockholders to change  or
repeal such Bylaws and provided that the Board of Directors shall
not   make   or  alter  any  Bylaws  fixing  the  qualifications,
classifications, term of office or compensation of directors.

<PAGE>

                           ARTICLE XII

                     Electronic Transmission

      When  used  in  these Bylaws, the terms "written"  and  "in
writing" shall include any "electronic transmission," as  defined
in   Section  232(c)  of  the  Delaware  General  Corporation  Law,
including  without limitation any telegram, cablegram,  facsimile
transmission and communication by electronic mail.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh101comp.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DIRECTOR COMPENSATION SUMMARY
<TEXT>

                                2
                                                     Exhibit 10.1

 Summary of Intel Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation

Cash Compensation

Annual Retainer:                                       $75,000

Annual Committee Fees:
     Lead Independent Director                         $30,000
     Audit Committee Chair                             $20,000
     Audit Committee members (other than
     Committee Chair)                                  $10,000
     Compensation Committee Chair                      $10,000
     Finance Committee Chair                           $10,000
     Corporate Governance and Nominating
     Committee Chair                                   $10,000
     Executive Committee Chair                         $10,000
     Sheltered Employee Retirement Plan Investment
     Policy Committee Chair                            $10,000

Retainer  and Fees are paid quarterly in cash and can be deferred
at  the  director's election under the Intel Corporation Deferral
Plan for Outside Directors.

Equity Compensation

Each  year,  non-employee directors may receive  award(s)  for  a
number  of  shares granted by the Board, but no more than  30,000
shares  annually. Subject to limits in the 2004 Equity  Incentive
Plan  terms, the Board has the discretion to determine  the  form
and terms of awards to non-employee directors.

Other Information


Non-employee directors' compensation is paid based on a  July  to
June  annual period.  Intel Corporation reimburses directors  for
their  travel  and related expenses in connection with  attending
Board  meetings  and Board-related activities and  provides  each
director  with a computer for his or her personal use. Directors'
charitable  contributions  that  meet  the  guidelines   of   the
Company's employee charitable matching gift program are  eligible
for  matching funds from the Company in an amount up  to  $10,000
per year.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh991pr.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>


                                                     Exhibit 99.1

DEAN OF STANFORD ENGINEERING SCHOOL
ELECTED TO INTEL'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS


SANTA CLARA, Calif., July 20, 2005 -- Intel Corporation today
announced that James D. Plummer, dean of the Stanford School of
Engineering, has been elected to Intel's board of directors. With
Plummer's election, the Intel board now consists of nine
independent directors and two directors who are executive
officers of Intel (CEO Paul Otellini and Chairman Craig Barrett).

     Plummer is a UCLA graduate who went on to receive his
master's degree and Ph.D. in electrical engineering from
Stanford. He began teaching at Stanford as an associate professor
of electrical engineering in 1978 and was appointed dean of the
School of Engineering in 1999. Plummer holds numerous technical
awards and honors, and was elected to the National Academy of
Engineering in 1996. He has authored or co-authored more than 400
publications and holds several U.S. patents. Plummer specializes
in integrated circuit devices and has a primary interest in
nanoscale silicon devices and the technologies needed to build
them.

      "We are extremely pleased to have Jim Plummer join our
board," Barrett said. "His knowledge of integrated circuit
technology, his academic and business experience, and his focus
on nanoscale silicon devices are a perfect match for Intel."

Intel, the world's largest chip maker, is also the leading
manufacturer of computer, networking and communications products.
Additional information about Intel is available at
www.intel.com/pressroom.

* Other marks and brands may be claimed as the property of
others.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
